I'm getting involved at much earlier stages for technical input on new/engaging projects. I really appreciate this.
Yes, under "What is your role", Senior Research Director is spelled wrong. "Director" instead of "Directory"
Traffic is a bit rough and time consuming in the mornings because of my start time at 10am. The late start time is my only complaint this week.
there is a typo on the senior research director option under the role drop down. it's kind of a funny one...
I don't like consistently having to work 10+ hour days.  This sucks!
I was sick this week, but had a lot of key things in projects going on, so that is generally why my week was not great...I wasn't feeling well, and didn't feel like I could actually be sick and not in the oiffce.
Our team got new members this week, and it was great to help train them. Teaching others and problem solving with them is very rewarding.
I just started managing a study for another team as part of the new initiative to lend RA's across teams, however it seems like it is very difficult to work with my managers to coordinate my available time and each project's needs throughout the week. That being said, I'm very excited to be running another study!
my partner in crime was on vacation, so there was more work on my plate!
No
"This week, I left once at 6:30 and that is one of the very few times that has happened since my first weeks starting here. When you tend to leave close to or after 7 most days, it's really hard to maintain a fulfilling or ""normal"" work/life balance.

As for the type of work I've done, I enjoyed learning how to use the Nike pulling tool (developed by the 148 team).  It's a really cool and complex tool, and it's impressive that someone on 148 designed it by themselves. That being said, beyond the novelty of learning how to use such a tool, and developing Excel skills in the process, all I am doing is essentially pulling one set of numbers from Excel onto a power point slide, and then repeating the step over and over again. This work is never fun, engaging, or intellectually stimulating. Like tab checking, I understand that this work is integral to the quality of our work (and simply the work itself) but it is tedious and rarely challenging in a theoretical or intellectual sense."
This week was tough because I am helping a team member manage a huge project and it is takign up a lot of time and it has a lot of bums along the way :-/
"It's actually ""RA - Research Associate"" in the drop-down menu below, not ""Research Assistance."" Just FYI :)

I think this is a great idea, and I hope you can get some insight from it!  Thanks for putting it together."
Traffic this week was terrible - will you be measuring that?  If not, I'd probably move my work/life balance down a notch.
Practicing Leadership is a great class, should be required for SRM's or RM's going to be SRM's.
I enjoyed working with an LRW Boomerang RM, Ben.  He has come back to LRW with a much more responsible attitude and has been extremely helpful to me on focus groups, and I have been able to teach him some new things.  I have shared my appreciation with 143's upper management.
No
Please bear in mind that we had a day off this week.
It was a shortened week, so that is taken into account for the number of hours worked this week.
The work/life balance score above reflects the fact that I went on vacation, but ended up working on the majority of my vacation days.
Just  a tough week due to a very difficult project entering a particularly difficult phase...
Only had three "real" workdays last week - took an extra day after Memorial Day
No
I would like a little overtime.
Worked from home a day and was on vacation the next.  Perhaps we could add a checkbox for 'atypical week'?
The move is a bit sad but we shall survive it!
It was nice to not have a crazy 50-70 hour work week - probably the first I've had all year.  That definately impacted my ratings.
Much of my negative experience was client driven - they were unresponsive and then making major changes at the last minute which made it difficult to get to do the "fun stuff."
I was able to leave at a decent hour on Friday.  It was the first time in years that a 4-day work week didn't feel like a 7-day week!
For the department question, I am a floater so I do not belong to any one department.
i would like to share the fact that seeing pics of different employees is pretty awesome!
I promoted my whole team this week! Awesome!! :)
No
"Well, I put in my 2 weeks notice yesterday so it was an atypical week at LRW!

My team had a team fun event last night and it was a lot of fun, and it was great to have the night off -- but I rarely ever get to leave the office that early, so it would have been nice in previous weeks if I could ever put in an 8 hour day and have the night to myself. 

Work is usually the same - tab checking, checking tab changes, pulling slides, PAPO-ing slides. Some studies are more interesting than others but its rarely intellectually challenging or engaging."
This was my first week here. It's a bit overwhelming because there's so much to learn and absorb! But everyone is very helpful, nice, and welcoming. So this week was Pretty Cool.
This week was really stressful on many levels, but is somewhat atypical for several reasons not entirely connected with LRW
I was at jury duty for 2 days this past work week, which cut my time at LRW short.
Julio is the best!
"I did not have a lot of my own work this week, so I was able to help other teams. I enjoy this, but I get bored easily waiting to be briefed or for projects to come in.

I really enjoyed my training class (Effective Delegation) and learning how to utilize SPSS this week. Using tools that contribute to my growth help make the work even more enjoyable!"
who sees these comments?
Quieter week for me which was nice, able to get older things off my plate
Life is hard
It was a bit harder this week to find assignments to do - a lot of the time I wasn't being kept very busy so I started to get bored. But, I'm new and so I'm sure that will change what I have more experience and can then take on more responsibility.
this week was pretty cool
"I had a pretty terrible beginning to mid week but today was great because I had a good client meeting which I had spent the week preparing for.  The preparation was difficult but the end result was positive.

Key issues this week:
Not enough time to train direct reports
Difficulty managing workload of direct reports
Tackling highly theoretical issues to create tactical solutions"
cool week, but glad it's friday!
I feel alone.  There is no one to go to with a problem without fearing retribution.  The communication is not good.  I am often afraid to ask my boss a question because depending upon her moods, she might blow up at me based on something in her personal life, etc.  But of course senior management does not know this.  Sometimes senior management interrupts and cuts me off when I am trying to say something important.  They treat me like my points are irrelevant sometimes.  The other workers around me feel the same way and we discuss it.  If even one of us were not here, things would get tough.  If a few of us were not here, things would fall apart -- senior management has no idea how to do the actual work!  Senior management makes more money and does not work as hard.  Plus they are not accountable.  They chose which and when to follow a rule.  The workers work long hours for little money and have to be highly accountable.  There is a rift between the people at the top and the people actually doing the work.
Hot dogs were awesome. It was good to see people meeting new people in line (since it was 60 min long :)  I think the wait ended up being beneficial to some degree...
While the hot dog truck was a nice gesture, it took 1:45 to get and was not worth the wait because they ran out of ingredients and drinks.
While the initiative to have junior level staff work with different mid-level and senior leaders in order to broaden their exposure does help us work towards achieving our goals, balancing the demands of two projects ACROSS unrelated teams in which communication is poor proves to be a very challenging task that leads to a lot of frustration.
I really liked the hot dog lunch - it was a good time!
I've been invited to sit in on meetings for a new project, and I am very excited and grateful for the opportunity to learn the project process this way. It's bringing my Immersion training to life!
Mistake by ISA cost several more hours to my project which will impact financials. Also the conversion from Dimensions 5.6 to 6.0 by ISA took me an entire week to complete...so many issues with the transition, which also cost time not well spent.
Love muffin meetings!
"Loved the Muffin meeting!

Also had a benecial checkpoint with Scott Luck about the project flow within IPS.  Meetings like this help remind us that this is an evolving process, and our ""continuous improvement"" is by no means finished."
In developing new skills and working on new tasks my execution could have been a bit better, but that's part of the learning process. All in all it was a good week
I am glad everyone on our team gets a quarterly meeting with either Tim or Debbie. It makes me feel like the senior management in our BU care about those of us in junior roles.
Had a major breakthrough this week with an employee who's been struggling this week!  And, I am finally starting to see positive changes in my staff after implementing changes to my leadership style based on the RD Leadership Day.
There is no one to talk to about problems.
Some extra frustration this week.
I was off sick part of this week, so not very enthusiastic about life in general
need more work!
one of those weeks...
I have a full workload and was just assigned a new project
This week I spent a lot of time working on a part of the process (quotas) that I am not very strong in which caused me to get behind on other things I had to get done because it takes me so much longer to do than should normally take.  It was a frustrating week overall.  A part of me wishes that we could work into people strengths a bit more.  If there were someone on the team that really understood quotas well, it would take them less time to do them which would make sense for our time charged to the job and ROSI but not as much sense for personal development.  I appreciate getting the chance to work on things I'm not excellent at but sometimes it seems slightly futile and discouraging.
was on vacation
I had a great first week! Everyone at the office is so nice!
This was a short week, which always feels rushed. I have been juggling 3 studies and added another this week. It's been great to experience the fast pace, but there were times when I could have reached out for help earlier but didn't know it in enough time to have fixed the problem. Also, tracking studies are difficult when you have to match how things were done or data was shown in the past without know why or where it came from.
This week kind of sucked.
Once we get more work in and the pace picks up, things will improve!
"It seems that some of our support staff struggled with getting resources lined up effectively this week, hence the ""Not Great"" rating on work process. 

I am not busy these days and my work is easily shiftable, so each day at staff I let the team know they can use me for urgent things. Twice this week I spent all day working on my work and only when I asked at the end of the day if anyone needs help was I then asked to help. There was no need for me to stay late--I could have helped with those things earlier in the day had it been planned better. 

This is a very motivated group of people, which, I think, sometimes makes it tough for them to learn how to delegate. We ought to teach this skill--everyone needs to learn it, and learn it early."
I am curious as to why we don't seperate the 'Other' category into Accounting and HR?
Lots of work wish I could've managed my time better
This is my first week, so the less than 40 hrs is due to July 4th.  Also, my responses of totally awesome may be skewed because everything is in fact totally awesome your first week.  Check back in the weeks following.
kinda a blah week...not as crazy as last week, but i think i may still be recovering from last week's insanity!
Really enjoyed our RA/RM forum with Mike
very rough week.  we were completely swamped
We had a great RA/RM checkpoing with Mike, and had a good discussion about our transition to the 15th floor.
Great experience with a report this week, so the long hours were definitely worth it!
good wekk
this week was WAY better than last!
Yes. More cream cheese for Friday bagels.
HR and Acct. should be seperated instead of grouped together as "other department"
I'm excited to be taking on more project-related responsibilites, but I'm still learning how to balance the new responsibilities with administrative tasks that come up unexpectedly.
It's always challenging when the GM & AGM are both out of the office - it complications the work process.
The week was ok but there are some frustrating unforseen things that continue to come up for one of our projects, both on the client side (out-of-scope requests, etc) and on the data processing side that have pushed back the timeline of the project.  I think we're all doing what we can to manage things effectively, but it's never a great feeling to feel like the world is stacked against you.
The project from hell continued to drive me nuts - the LRW side of things was excellent
Things are just OK because I'm not working on any project of my own, just helping others. That's a little boring.
The Carnival was awesome!  We don't have enough fun here... People need to get out of their office corners more and just TALK for a few minutes every day (and that needs to become "acceptable"... I feel like there's a ridiculous stigma that having any fun is being off task).  I feel like there are way too many awesome/cool people here to be encouraged to act like such hermits sometimes...
"I am grateful and excited to continue helping out with projects, though the unforseen new business tasks that are part of my role can still be frustrating-- I enjoy the tasks themselves, but I wish I could plan for them better.

Also, yesterday Tim took the time to ask me if I'm enjoying what I'm doing. I really appreciate his concern. This week's carnival and the MUFFIN meeting are further evidence that LRW does care about its employees. I am so glad to be here."
Light week at last!
thanks for the carnival!
Had a blast at the LRW Carnival. Was good to see people meeting each other x-teams.
Really enjoyed the Carnival - Seems like we got in our 'playing hard' this week!
This week was tough, but a rewarding one indeed!
...
"We should have monthly activities/events like carnival. 

Most studies I work on have really fast timing which doesn't leave room for us to do our best work."
"Lack of planning and poor resource allocation from project managers does not allow for best practices or good time management from RA's/RM's. It hurts everyone's quality of work. 

When they don't plan, we are left scrambling to do something that will not be the best quality it could be if we had planned ahead of time.  It increases stress and discontent levels and hurts work quality and efficiency.

155 is a nightmare to work with."
NA
It's been a VERY long couple of weeks. We really need 2 additional team members to help carry the load on Nike.
"I would like to ask the GMs to be more considerate when they have a ""fun"" function during business hours.  This does not include the Carnival -company wide party. 
The 150 team had an 'onsite' on Wed from around 3p-5p approx.  It was disruptive to others on 17th  that sit in the hallway cubes; they found it difficult to do their work during this time. The noise was very loud even with office doors closed. 

In addition, I would like the company to consider how it comes across to enployees of other b.u. or support teams that do not get  individual b.u. parties. Junior people do not understand why
1.  a b.u. gets special perks such as an ""onsite"" get together with basically timeoff from work (during work hours). 
2. why some teams get  lunches purchased by their b.u. (fairly often), when they do not get it similarly."
IPS FAIL. this is becoming all too regular
Life is good
"This is certainly not the ideal setting for making this known, but regardless... Can something be done about the air conditioning shut-off that happens around 6PM every night?  Everyone that has to stay here late (usually the lower end of the totem pole-type folks) gets fairly overheated and sweaty in their offices, because it gets so hot in this building.  I realize there are less people around at these hours, but the people staying late are already miserable enough... you'd think that they'd at least get proper air conditioning.

Thanks!  Not trying to be a total bitch or anything... Just not sure that those who don't stay past 5PM very much are aware of this."
Low hours due to a personal day.
Have been traveling and working from the road is a completely different experience than being in the office
The Chicago office's network connection is always very bad, but we had another complete network loss (phones, internet, P-drive, etc.) on August 12 that resulted in lost work.  It also prevented us from accessing the P-drive and working for a signifigant amount of time.
"The Chicago office needs some permanent improvements regarding our accessibility/use of the P drive, and not just band-aid solutions.

Today, the server was unreliable and our connection was down for about 30-45 minutes.  None of us could work productively.  
Wednesday and Thursday of this week I spent about 1.5-2 hours in total just trying to save documents to the P drive.  Our connection to the P drive 'times out' periodically for some reason, which casused those issues.

Jennifer and Alex are extremely helpful in these problematic situations, but I think their ability to help us is limited by what they're allowed to do.  
 - For example, Rod was downloading emails when the connection was messed up today - but that's something he should be able to do normally without subjecting the remaining 8 of us here to spotty internet/server connection.  
 - Also, Jennifer fixed my 'time out' issue, but I learned the same fix couldn't be done to everyone's computer."
My efforts were formally recognized this week and it felt amazing! However, it would be nice to be able to allocate time for new business in advance so that I can more easily honor the time commitments I make to project teams. I like working on both new business and project work, but there isn't always enough time to help everyone. This frustrates me.
Nope. Thanks.
Terrible week in terms of technology and software.  Unforseen problems with Dimensions and Reporter basically tripled the amount of work needed to deliver data and slides to the client.  However the upside of this was that I think it forced my manager and I to communicate and so that aspect of our relationship improved.
The Chicago office suffered connectivity issues this week.   These network glitches impacted Chicago's productivity and caused frustration among the team (both in Chicago and OC).
Lots more IPS issues
have been traveling
Personnel issues - Shannon leaving and very short staffed
We're being asked to reduce project time charged and work late hours at the same time!
I think at least half the company wide meetings should be held in the early afternoon or at the end of the day.
When are we getting new pictures?  The dog has been on there for weeks!
I am very excited about the inter-team RA/RM committee. I think that is a great initiative that really deserves a lot of support from the senior staff.
this week was okay
The network connection in Chicago makes it very hard to effectively work.
From Jamey - I have a feeling that "Great Service – “5s” mean everything; we must deliver top notch service to our clients." has been misunderstood by much of the company.  Many have a strong tendency to say "yes" to everything and not set accurate expectations.  I've found that this has caused "problem projects" and significant frustation across the board.  Saying "yes" does not make clients happy.  Setting expectations and delivering on those expectations is what makes a customer happy.  We should "meet expectations" before trying to "exceeding expectations".  I do feel this directly impacts LRW employee satisfaction because it causes frustration, extra work, late nights, and the feeling that your hard work is just fire fighting.
The work process was hindered by tech issues- for instance restarting my computer took 25 minutes one night and really set me back.
It sucks that we spent a lot of time working on a report, and later on were told that the report was already sent to the client. It would be nice to give us a heads-up so we didn't have to sacrifice our weekend or pull all nighter. All of our work seems to be unnecessary and we could've saved some staff time as well.
"my ability execute effectively was ""not great"" because of other's inability to plan properly...basically got things way to late from people.  ultimately, this may have been a result of over promising by management (this was NOT a 143 job - i volunteered for another group when i saw how screwed they were).

not sure exactly how many hours will be worked this week as a result of this last minute request."
Tech issues once again made it hard to complete tasks efficiently. Sad.
I love Mike and Jen!  128 is very lucky.
I don't think we learn much about market research from constantly checking ORTs.
I'm new so not sure how much my response helps :)
I LOVE NACHOS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WE NEED TO HAVE MORE NACHO DAYS!
You can't put a picture of an adorable dog on both ends of a scale and expect an unbiased respone! Market research 101.  C'mon now.
frustrated with the lack of fridge space and non-working coffe pot in 17 small kitchen.  Have had problems off and on for weeks with the coffee pot, production has tried to fix but think  a new one is needed.  And only have a small, college-style fridge in that kitchen, too small for number of people who try to use.
A lot of my hours this week were due to checking and re-checking a program that ISA still, as I speak, this very Friday afternoon, does not have correct.  I don't understand how we can be sister companies & have such differing standards of quality work & of the processes required to produce quality work.
A little more overtime would be nice.
I do know my team is taking some corrective action with the help of senior leadership. This does make me feel better about the future. However, my responses still reflect the fact that we have only put a few things in place. I know more is to come. This is positive news. thanks!
Get more graphics people....
The reason the work life balance was off was because my balloon ride got cancelled, so I came into work to use the holiday later, and got stuck on a train going home for 4 hours.....  Nothing LRW could influence!
"Implementing Processes for RA/RM Feedback on Senior Level Staff

Over the past few months, I've noticed that some senior level team members feedback to and interaction with junior staff brings down team morale. Their criticism is not constructive, and is not delivered in a way that produces optimal results, but rather tears down the recipient and diminishes enjoyment of a given task. In contrast, we have some senior level members who deliver the exact same type of feedback in a way that solicits hard work, excitement about learning, and dedication to the job. The former reduces productivity and employee happiness; the latter fosters a healthy work environment, growth, and ultimately client satisfaction. 

Some food for thought: Training at LRW needs to go both up and down the totem pole. As such, how should RAs and RMs communicate feedback to their superiors?  And how can we ensure that senior level staff receive it graciously? 

I'd be happy to discuss.

Rachel Loewenherz"
I really think the air conditioning should stay on for longer in the evenings... It is bad enough to be here late, but to be sweaty and uncomfortable is not only a bit insulting to those who are working extra hard, but also fairly un-caring on behalf of the administration.
Low hours due to jury duty...
45 to 50 in a short week.  Some of the more senior members have expectations that are a bit unrealistic.
I want to see pictures of the LRW People in the survey. What ever happened to that? If we are going to show dogs then switch up the dogs :-)
ISA tabbing process was horrific, my team was awesome making up for the horrible lateness of the tabbing process.
p.s. hours worked is for 4 days, not 5.
The first time I do something, I may need help which was unavailable this past week. Expectations about time needed to complete tasks is unreasonable. As I was writing down what my boss was saying on the phone, I was getting multiple angry im's & emails complaining why things weren't done already. It felt like I was working for Audra Ransford all over again, ie working in Hades.
We're having continued technology problems in the Chicago office. It's very frustrating and it definetely disrupts the work process.
"My boss was out sick so it was really hard to get any work done because I need his help for a lot of things. This made the week very stressful and full of work. I worked late a lot too. 

Also, the air conditioning on the 17th floor is too strong."
I feel that it would be beneficial to have newly promoted Supervisors/Managers take a course or be given training in how to effectively manage and interact with their subordinates prior to being delegated people who will work under them.
A lot of work and very little gratitude.
Interesting challenges working with teams I don't often work with.  Managing projects for other other teams than my usual team.
I have trouble stopping and starting on many different projects and managing to get these done.
It has been freezing in the building all week.   Air conditioning is set too high, even with adjusting individual theromstats and wearing a sweater it has been uncomfortably cold.   Massages were very much appreciated!
New guy for the London office
This week was pretty cool because I had ample work and time to do my job effectively and efficiently. Normally I have too much work that needs to get done immediately and not enough time to do it well.
Photo is the new guy in the London office...?
That's David Voxlin - new to the London office! Extra credit please?
LOTS of Data entry on dimensions. It's awful.
Yay Immersion!
"The person in the photo is David Voxlin - our new RA in London!

We had a report due this week, which led to three 15+ hour days."
That man is David Voxlin! The new London RA.
Thanks for the massage.
Our 167 forum was extremely helpful - looking forward to further strengthening the team.
"I would agree that the main drivers of my overall satisfaction are the ability to plan and execute effectively AND work/life balance.

This week was ""pretty cool"" for me, and not ""totally awesome"" because I still feel like there are inefficiencies in the way we distribute tasks.  Solution: better resource sharing across business units.  How? -- better policing of the resource manager (some tasks linger on there a full week after they are completed)."
I'm overwhelmed and uncomfortable sharing that becasue that seems to be something we just have to deal with.
Looking forward to learning more and being more engaged!
The incentive of a dinner out in LA for filling out the pulse survey is not likely to be much of an incentive for those outside the LA office.  Remote people can sometimes feel forgotten anyway, and an incentive that can only be used by employees in the LA area just intensifies these feelings.  In the future, it might be best to have an incentive that can be enjoyed by anyone, regardless of his/her location.
I am super excited about IPS being in-house...one of the best decisions I've seen made at this company.
I think this survey should not be just on Fridays but random across the week. We might not remember the beginning of the week as clearly as we do today or yesterday so surveys on Friday might skew one way or another.
Nope
i keeps it real!
Awesome picture =]
I wrote a haiku then the page wouldn't submit and i lost everything. I'll try again next week...........
We need to hire another graphic person
Out sick the second half of the week.
good week. Excited to delve into some new areas of work
Woo! Friday!
I'm excited about our plan to have Jessica Lopez pick up some of the AGM tasks on our teams.  It makes me feel less lost in Jen Valenzuela's absence.
I was unexpectedly given the responsibility to manage an ongoing project with many moving pieces as of Monday morning - this put many unexpected hours on my schedule and the need to quickly delegate other work in order to stay afloat.   Senior staff were aware of this awhile ago but didn't communicate this until the last minute.  Setting expectations for work flow earlier on would have made this week much smoother.
Weekend work totally ruins any chance of work/life balance, and poor work life balance will definitely ruin an otherwise great week (with personal and professional development/fun work). Suggestion: defuse the necessary evil of weekend work when possible so its not the onus of just one miserable person.
Nope
I'm really enjoying the writing class I'm taking. I appreciate that the compnay is making an investment in my development.
I feel like if everything doesn't go exactly as I intend for an issues meeting, it is a failure.
Oh boy, 4th quarter is just starting and I'm feeling very tired already and stressed.  We are busy.
Great week with lots of new development opporutunities and enough of the same work so I'm confident in what I have already learned!
We're expected to come in an hour early on a Monday for a company pep rally? Are you realy going to unveil something so important it couldn't wait until, say, 2 PM?
I am glad to see that you are using picks of the LRW staff again in the surveys.
Got put on a last minute project. I was hoping for a more mellow week with my friend in town, but the job has got to get done. Otherwise, I'm really enjoying the class I'm taking.
Technology in the Chicago office has cause us to lose over 5 hours (3 of which was OT/DT).  We should not be forced to stay at work, unable to do work, because of tech issues.
We had a lot of IT issues this week: printer was slow, network down, etc.
"He who fails to plan is planning to fail." This is how i feel about some of the studies we have to field. Sorry I wanted to share
I love my BU!  WOOO 128!!
"I'm helping another business unit with a project current, and the lack of engagement on the part of the account manager has made effective project execution very challenging for the entire project team.

Also, when working late, it gets quite warm in the office.  Would it be possible to keep the air on longer?"
although the workload was overwhelming and the hours were long, the team came thru to help which is always a plus!
I had 2 days off this week.
Frustration with technology once again has ruined a week that had potential to be a good one.
I don't believe anyone reads these, so I'm sort of dying down on my previous attitude of writing my thoughts out here...
"Floor 17 needs a Coffee Bean machine like the one on 15. I keep having to go down to 15 to get coffee. Please get one soon.

Thank You."
"I'm very disenchanted with the resource manager.  I had a request up for 3 days, during when any help would have made a tremenous difference in ""the work process - ability to plan and execute effectively.""  Alas, no help came and I ended up puting in 5 hours of OT over 2 days to get it done.

Also, when I can't get support on the day-to-day tasks it makes it really hard to open up time for training and taking on new responsibilities."
My co-workers are being overworked and poorly resourced. We need someone to replace Richard, his absence puts too heavy of a workload on Shannon and Bobby. Also, the Warner team needs more help.
Technology continues to be an issue that prevents me from executnig my work effectively .  I'm also getting sucked into training new empoyees for far too much of my day, which prevents me from executing my work effectively.
Why are the Friday morning bagels set up in the tiny kitchen on 16 instead of one of the larger kitchens on 15 or 17?
It was nice to get out of the office and talk with clients face-to-face.  We don't do that enough.
Better week.  More projects finished and could catch my breath.  :-)
don't think my last pulse went through, but if it did, this will be a repeat. Unrealistic timelines and process inefficiencies make the work intolerable. Doing menial tasks like making graphical fixes feels like a waste of time, because in doing this I feel like I am missing out on "so what" thinking and problem solving.
This was one hell of a weekend
a very managable week!  can't complain about anything!
It'd be great if we could get both fridges on 17 cleaned out like they do on 16. THEY SMELL. Especially the one in 17 small.
Just took me over 1 hr to download IPS tabs from RFS (which completely otherwise incapacitated my computer).  Then in the middle of a download, it reported an error, so I still couldn't get all the tables.  This is super frustrating.  Can we get better computers that can handle these kinds of processes?
Floor 17 needs a Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf Coffee Machine like the one on 15.
"This past week was cool
Fall-ing just short of awesome
The shark tank was fun to watch
and see great i-de-a's blossom. 

It is exciting looking forward
at where our ship is heading
and in the face of uncertainty
it seems nobody is fretting.

People seem engaged with this
newfound sense of unity
So onward and upward towards 2.0
as the shark tank goes out in to-the-sea."
"Busy week, but not very effective resource sharing.  

Was also disappointed that our business unit (128) did not get a shoutout at the muffing meeting regarding our involvement in the dual monitors initiative.  

Finally, we just had a very uncomfortable and confusing meeting regarding the new promotion criteria.  Not very clear what's different."
"Need TMS training course for managers please.
Lots of cool functions we do NOT know about.
Thanks,"
Poor team leadership/management
Even though it has been a little "crazy", the management really focuses on development, which has been really great. Sometimes it feels a bit like a "sink or swim" environment and can be a little grueling while you are doing the task, but because of all the positive reinforcement and feedback I get, when I look back I feel really grateful for that opportunity. Its really great that the management gives your opportunities to really work through these tasks, rather than just doing it themselves (which would be faster) so that you can really learn and develop through thinking through it on your own. I have been doing tasks which seem way "over my head", but because I was given the opportunity to just try it out I think I was able to create some work that I am really proud of and if not, be able to get really good feedback on how to do it better next time.
Today the 7th employee at RA/RM level quit because of Kim Murray. The way she treats people is not ok. Her cruelty causes a lot of anxiety, not just in the people she yells at, but in the other people around that have to hear it as well.
Good week. Good time management and solved numerous issues
I do not understand why if we are 'sprinting" to meet sales goal by end of year and Lois is telling us that we have too much time not charged to jobs that we are adding more and more full company meetings.   I realize that we want some excitement around "Shark Tank", but never expected it to be a company wide meeting (which by the way I think is counterproductive to people wanting to present ideas - not only do they have the panel of judges - Dave, DJ, Jeff, etc. to impress but also their peers - would seem like that would make it even more intimidating).  Just that meeting last week with ~50 people attending cost the company $2-3K in time not charged to job.  I feel like we are saying one thing as a company but soing something else.  Same goes for rolling out the new cimpetency model right now - it is just one of m,any distractions that get us away form "Sprinting" - can't some of this wait until 2012?
Great week! Promoted a member of my team, and got to officially take the reigns for the first time in making a pitch to a potential new client!
"I'm bored. I've been working on projects for the same client for the past several months; there is no variety in my workload, and I can't work on other projects because there is no one else to handle these. The project lead is also remote and a very poor communicator; this results in many errors that could have been foreseen and blame being placed on us in the office. Also, due to our timeline, we cannot fix errors from previous projects for future ones, because they are happening simultaneously.
However, my direct manager and my team in the office are phenomenal. I love working with them and always have support when needed (often these days). When communication is clear and deadlines are shared, we work as a symbiotic team. However, the synergy dies when expectations are unclear, and the lead gets demanding."
Reason for the low ratings - it was just a bad week.  Two reports gone bad and 3 nail-biting ORT postings.
Still a lot of seemingly menial labor, and not that much so what thinking. When will I get the chance to finally engage in higher order thinking?
very managable week for graphics...calm before the storm?
Can someone please clean out the fridges on 17? They're really smelly.
"I have been very excited to transition into a project role and this week, big things happened to speed me on my way. I have been assigned to my first full project! I would like a bit more guidance from the project manager, however, since my Immersion experience was seven months ago and I am not completely up to speed yet. But overall, I am excited and grateful for the opportunity.

Also, I am experiencing some anxiety about how the creation of the Tracking Unit will affect 148 (mostly because of the timing with my eventual transition to RA). We are losing at least 3 people, but will there be more? Unrelated to Tracking, we're losing an SRM and RA next week too. What does that mean for the structure of our team? We had a team meeting this week to discuss LRW 2.0, and I (among others) thought the new plan for 148 would be revealed at this meeting, but any answers about reassignments or if and when new people might join the team were vague at best."
everyone is slammed!  why do we do this to ourselves every fourth quarter?  It's really not a good situation for our team right now.
Still disappointed that 128 has not been recognized company-wide for our contributions to the dual monitors initiative.
I understand that we're in the client services industry, but when are we allowed to push back on our clients regarding timing for deliverables?  If they make ridiculous timing requests for large, complex deliverables (timing which they've shared internally to bosses and VPs and--whoops--forgotten to tell us about), should we really have to put all life outside of work totally on hold for two weeks in order to get it done?  Every once in a while this has to be done; I get it.  But it seems to be a chronic issue, not a "once in a while" challenge.
There was a long week expected, but being prepared for that, and getting a lot of great help from interns and other teams made what could have been a nightmare, much more manageable.
"A couple of us have been waiting for newer and faster computers. We were told that the hardware arrived two full weeks ago, and we're still waiting for them to be set up. Every day this week, I would have charged less overtime if a few of the large processes I have to run could have been just a little faster.

Two notes on dinner: 
1) It's a pain that no one is maintaining the ""2011 Seamless Web Menu"" document on i2 Home > Support > Human Resources > Benefits 
There are definitely days I would choose a different lunch if I knew what dinner would be before 3 PM.
2) I don't think I've ever had a satisfactory meal from Mika Sushi.

I haven't had trouble personally, but how many of those ""Please shut down SPSS if you're not using it"" e-mails will it take to get the company to buy more licenses?"
this happens a lot, but it was most apparent this week- getting projects at the EOD makes the day suck, especially if the earlier part of the day was free/unoccupied because I was waiting indefinitely on something to come in. Then, to get said project/materials at EOD and pull a late night seems silly. Ineffective use of time- racking up time charged to admin, then being questioned (more like accused) as to why the admin hours are so high- is frustrating.
"Sorry if you are getting this again. I think I times out the first time I took the survey, and I want to make sure my comments get through.


A couple of us have been waiting for newer and faster computers. We were told that the hardware arrived two full weeks ago, and we're still waiting for them to be set up. Every day this week, I would have charged less overtime if a few of the large processes I have to run could have been just a little faster.

Two notes on dinner: 
1) It's a pain that no one is maintaining the ""2011 Seamless Web Menu"" document on i2 Home > Support > Human Resources > Benefits 
There are definitely days I would choose a different lunch if I knew what dinner would be before 3 PM.
2) I don't think I've ever had a satisfactory meal from Mika Sushi.

I haven't had trouble personally, but how many of those ""Please shut down SPSS if you're not using it"" e-mails will it take to get the company to buy more licenses?"
My teams rock!!!  Lots of teamwork and individual growth going on.
nsfw.
Love the 131 representation on the scale. Thanks!
It's been a LONG and busy week, but I felt like what I was doing was important and really helped drive projects forward.  I was stressed a lot of the time because some of our clients kept changing their mind about the approach to two international qual projects, but I feel that my work this week laid the groundwork for the projects to be successful in the long run.
This text box might be more helpful if there are additional probing questions.  "What could LRW do to help make your week better? What could your team do...? Anything particularly fun/exciting this week?", etc...
"Lisa,

Me and my team had a pretty crappy week because of ISA.  Due to their errors, we had previously delivered incorrect data TWICE which had made its way up to the C-level folks at Pfizer.  In finding that there was an error AGAIN, I worked IN THE OFFICE from 4:30am – 10:00pm on Wednesday; that totally sucks and makes the whole week totally suck!  We didn’t get the support we needed from them, even though the senior folks at ISA were aware of this high priority issue.  So, not only did we deliver wrong data multiple times, once ISA got it right, it was 16 hours after it was due.  This study (Pfizer DPN Lyrica Tracker) is handled at ISA India and the language barrier is just too much.  I need a thought partner with excellent communication skills and project managers that are working as hard as we are.

Let me know if you want to discuss further.  Sara and I plan to follow up with Sam and Benny and discuss our desire to get this on-shore.

Lindsay"
I am very excited to work with a different team and get a taste of how other BU operates.
Please purchase more bagels on Friday's. I arrive at the office around 9:30am/10:00 am and there are never any bagles left.
Please fire ISA (or at least the off-shore team). They are making our lives hell by holding themselves to a FAR lower standard of excellence than we do at LRW.
some pretty interesting work!
"Working with ISA this week is largely what is driving my personal dissatisfaction with work process and ability get anything done.  This also resulted in my inability to balance work and life because their errors resulted in my having to work later evenings than I felt i should have had to this week.

It is frustrating when your job is to manage projects and help drive the big picture but you are put in a position where unfortunately, you actually end up spending your time QA-ing and pointing out errors in other people's work.  That is not fun at all and doesn't reaaly drive my personal growth."
I really love some of my friends from work and they really spoiled me for my brithday this week.
Sales trip was one of the most informative and fun things I've done to date. Despite a hectic schedule, the team around me were rockstars in helping make sure everything was accounted for.
I was on vacation the first half of the week, which is why it was totally awesome!
"We had huge issues this week with programming and data collection.  It's hard to execute on ""so what,"" LRW-quality work when our partners don't deliver.

Also, still waiting for some 128 kudos for our role in the dual monitors initiative."
ISA Aniksystems did an awesome job on my program, and put in a lot of thoughtful work.  As this is not always the case, I was careful to thank them.
Some of my studies got postponed. This gave me more time to efficently work on the ones still on my plate.
My week was just okay, as I was not feeling well the first of half of the week. This affected my ability to plan ahead and get a jump start on things, which resulted in me playing a little catch up the rest of the week.
beginning a new and exciting project which is helping my individual development
ISA's tabbing performance on our Lyrica trackers is pretty unacceptable and continues to be an issue day after day.  Something needs to be done; we feel SO defeated and morale is down.
"I think the Seamless Web restaurant selection needs some serious reevaluation.  I'd rather just go across the street and expense a meal from the mall food court, which could end up being under $10, which would be cheaper than the at least $15 I'm spending doing that (which is usually pretty crappy food).  It's the same restaurants over and over, and they really aren't good choices.  I don't think anyone who has any control over this is ever really staying late, so they'd have no idea.

Also, unrelated... I think Mike Clarke is an exellent manager, in so many ways.  I barely work with him one-on-one, yet I feel completely supported, and I feel incredibly lucky to be a part of his team."
having large chunks of time without anything to do (in the middle of the day) is frustrating. That means i have to charge up admin if I cannot find anything else to do and effectively sit around until the materials I need come in. then, when they come in, I'm stuck to stay late because of the initial delay. I'd rather have the day condensed and full of work, every moment of the day, then have it long and drag on with big chunks of floating time.
xxx
had my review, and can't complain about anything!
-
Learned a new analysis!!!
I feel the nature of our work has improvited dramatically since the recent changes.
The Penn State Scandal is CRAZY!!!
The excitement continues as I proceed through the steps of my very first project! Jason Brooks took time to explain the max diff and choice model portions of our survey and why we were using it for this study. I continue to be impressed by other people's willingness to teach me. And I love learning, so it's working out quite well. I do wish my project manager was more accessible, however. She has a habit of promising to explain things to me later and never making the time to do it.
"Can someone PLEASE create an innovations billing code? I feel like when I work on revised IPS Processes, or the RA/RM Committee, that I have to fear billing my time as admin because of the way Non Charged Labor is frowned upon in the organization.

it's not real easy to be innovative when you feel like you have to 'hide' or 'do it on your own time'"
I'm not on the 148 BU, yet I've still been able to observe a healthy handful of employees that have worked under Kim Murray, who have either quit, moved, or continue to work under her, while miserable (and while people can find ways to complain about anything, there's enough of a pattern here to comment).  She may be a great researcher, but she needs reevaluation in the supervisor department just from numbers alone.  For example, she has an RA working under her right now that is "awesome"... Very bright, great personality, and could really shine at LRW, yet I know he/she despises these current supervisor conditions, and if he/she ends up like the ever-growing number of others previously under Kim, I would be so disappointed, and so should LRW.  I can't imagine every person who's moved or quit under her has been particularly quiet about this issue, yet I don't understand how nothing seems to have changed... But, regardless, too many bright people are being wasted under her current supervision.
Rick
Traveling for focus groups is awesome
Working a lot of unpaid overtime.  Where's the project management?
Things are good, I had a review that went really well and I feel great so I bumped up my rating to "Totally Awesome."  I feel like I am growing in my role and am ready to tackle more on my own, and I think my colleagues recognize that too.
Please change the filter in the water machine on the 17th floor kitchen. Has it ever been changed since we got it?
Very busy week!!  Worked on helpdesk during day and built weekend update site at night.. However, felt very productive and that my individual development grew a lot in just a week!!  Time to relax
billing code for committees and innovations. again.
Happy Thanksgiving!!  YEEEE HAWWWWWWW.
I am struggling with a co-worker who is not pulling her/her weight, which has a negative effect on my work process.
There should be an innovations billing code for committees such as ITAC.
3-day week... what's not to love?!?
Can you please create a cost code for innovation or process improvement? It's frustrating to have to bill so much time to my bu's admin code, particularly when i'm spending time trying to create lrw-approved improvements to workflows, processes, etc.
Taking days off this week.
Please change the filters on the water machines, especially the 17th floor kitchen ones.
We should all be on the same page with "team effort" tasks. It is unfair to dump all the work on any one person, and more effort should be taken across the business unit to have more hands on tasks that can be broken up across different people. An hour or two of help from another person can help cut down a 13 hour day to something more reasonable.
Nice to have a few days off for Thanksgiving!
It is a bummer to have time off, but know as soon as you get back your world is going to be turned upside down by workload.
I logged 42 hours in 3 work days - this is not okay.
I was on vacation this week and loved having the holiay break to reenergize and prepare for the rest of Q4!
I think that we really need a unique billing code for the Inter-Team Action Committee (ITAC), as this group has created & implemented action plans that have gained senior level support on a number of issues, and is now being included in some meetings with the Innovations Task Force.
My week was Pretty Cool - as it was a short week due to Thanksgiving! Made things a little crazy during the beginning of the week, but it was well worth it!
Can we get a billing code for innovation development?
Please allow us additional innovation time, even if it's more than 8 hrs /day!
This was a totally awesome week as far as individual development goes because I got promoted!!!
"YAY!!!! We have bathrooms on the 15th Floor!!!!!! Whoot Whoot!!!!
now if we can just get the electrical fixed on the floor."
We should have a training about how to fill out the timesheet. e.g. which portion should go to project and which portion should go to admin. Some of the junior staff may not know the difference and may have charged them incorrectly, which caused high admin time.
"Disappointed to hear that we will not be receiving any form of bonuses this year. I know we all worked very hard on our team - I know I quanitfiably worker harder, longer, more challenging hours this year than last, which is why it is so hard to swallow.  

If we can't reach our goals this year (falling behind by nearly 35%), then I struggle to understand how we are going to exceed at a doubled growth strategy in 5 years."
I am Micromanaged on a daily basis and not allowed to work at my full potential.
Great case study this week. Learning from DJ is an amazing experience and I truly value it! Can already see how it's applying to the report I am working on now.
good week... things calmed down as the week progressed allowing me to work on some side projects
I think that having mandatory training sessions which require preparation (such as the BU case study) is a horrible idea during 4th quarter for us.  Not only are we staying late to finish our own projects, but then we are stressed out trying to prepare for the case study, which we want to do well on, but have no time to devote to it.  I think that these should be moved to January, when we are getting out of our busy time and not directly in the middle of it.  Also, if it is mandatory, then everyone should have to go.  I don't think that it is fair that some people skipped it because they had too much to work, when I have been staying later than them everynight and have more work than them, but I was not allowed to skip it.  The case studies are great, and I really enjoy them, but I would like to have them when I am not working 11+ hours a day
Yay new 15th floor bathrooms!  Wish they had temperature control on the faucets though.  Oh and a trash can for paper towels by the door.
totally awesome is too extreme and far off from pretty cool.
Monthly Shark Tanks might be a bit aggressive/too quick to refresh the pool.
Mika Sushi is one of the restaurants that we order from when we work late. In the Muffin meeting, Lisa seemed unaware of this. The comment about Mika Sushi wasn't completely random.
"More bagels, more often! :)

If the Pulse scale was 1-5, not Totally Sucked - Totally Awesome, I think I would be able to give a more unbiased, numerical response.  Its more likely I'd give my week a 5 than a ""Totally Awesome"" on any given week."
for the love of god can we please stop ordering from delphi greek
Love the new bathroom!!!
At least I only have to work one day this weekend, instead of both?  That's not so bad.  Though if I have to work late tonight....
I think we should make it a common practice to encourage, instead of doing seamless web, grabbing something at the mall for dinner and expense it.  A meal at the food court, for example, could be under $10 (rather than the $15+ per meal we get charged for seamless web), so it'd be less expensive for Lieberman... And, also, one could pick a food place that is actually good.  The options on seamless web are just plain gross, and I rarely order dinner anymore (despite how late I am staying) because I don't want to consume a meal that is bad (and usually unhealthy).  I'd rather spend my own money, which I think defeats the purpose of LRW's use of this system.
I am confused as to why no communication has been sent out regrading the change from ENG department to Dev/IT. Officially I have not been moved out of the PMO and I am not clear as to what department I fall under for this survey. If systems is now IT - great, but again I do not officially belong there.
Project team is very unresponsive to the study im working on. I need their input since it is qualitative and for an important client and i feel almost like i need to harass them sometimes to get a response out of them.
know it's expensive, but the lack of air conditioning after 6pm can be brutal.
The A/C turns off after ~6pm... making it really uncomfortable/difficult to work sometimes!
The 16 floor gets really hot after 6PM and that makes it really difficult to concentrate when working after hours. help please.
The DJ Case Study trainings should not happen during the months of Nov & Dec.  We are all too busy with client deadlines and having to factor in extra hours in the day to fit in a training, while valuable in general, is too much during this time of year.
Opportunities and feedback on this team have been extremely beneficial to my development as of late.
It's hot up in here after 6:00 p.m. - uncomfortably hot! Would be great to have a way to control air in certain areas of the office where people are still working after hours so we don't melt away.
I am traveling to meet with a client next week; I'm very excited for that, and most of my work this week has been focused on that.
It gets so uncomfortably hot in the building after 6. We're still expected to work, so why does the company make the working conditions unworkable?
Can we please have some way to have the AC on after 6 on our floors? It gets hot, even if some people bring in their own fans.
Having a good work/life balance is by far the most important factor in overall satisfaction!
I'm tired of dying of heat stroke while working late nights. When the AC goes off @ 6, the BO goes on, and I start schvitzing up a storm! Am I building the pyramids in Ancient Egypt or something?
It was a pretty long week...the first few days I was here for almost 12 hours every day.  But I do feel a sense of accomplishment at getting so many things done and putting out fires here and there.  I think our clients are very happy with us.
Why does Claire sound so angry when she pages people? Why does she often make one angry page, then repeat it five seconds later, before the person she asked for has had time to call her back?
Are there any plans for a company holiday party?
Rough week - two support team members out at focus groups, another at immersion.  Unexpected client request on top of an already hectic schedule added to the stress of the week!
My studies performed well. I was able to resolve issues/problems timely because I had a manageable workload.
I learned a lot this week; I was able to plan and execute effectively on multiple studies. I also traveled to a client meeting, which was wonderful for my growth and development. Meeting clients face to face is a great way to connect with daily tasks and get a sense of the big picture of what we do here everyday!
Itwould be nice to get little extra employee benefits: things like free upgrades on flights or hotel stays, discounts on travel, etc. Things that might be less expensive for the company but could provide some overall benefit to each employee.
Ate too much.
i'm pretty close to coming in one night and switching the 17 large kitchen water dispenser out for the one in the small kitchen
Where's the Christmas party???
awesome fun and exciting work!
"It would be great to have a cross-company holiday party - even if it was just cookies and nog. The cross pollination across teams is REALLY important, for building long-term relationships and trust with our peers.
Many of my peers (outside of LRW) have atleast some sort of companywide get-together - it does NOT need to be extravagant.  

It would have be nice to see this on OUR calendar as well."
good week. Was not that busy this week allowed for work on side projects
To my dismay, I found that working with Q.I. is as painful as working with ISA.
The days go quicker & it is more motivating to stay in the office and work when there is food in the kitchen (bagels, muffins, sandwiches, etc).  Its great!
The new bagels, not cool.
"I think that deciding to increase employee's OOP charges for healthcare with out a formal announcement is a bit shady.  

Before including a link in the weekend update, they should have sent a mass email."
Work process was due to my own shortcomings, not work/company related
Still lacking a sense that what I do is important. I hear about so what all the time, but it's hard to think so what when you are working on aspects of a project that seem so far away from the so what. Also, there are huge gaps in communicating what needs to be done and then the best practices for achieving end goals. I understand "doing it for yourself" is a huge part of learning on the job, but sometimes there needs to be a little guidance on more technical/skills based tasks. I notice the dilemma: ask too many questions and risk getting the feedback you don't take initiative to learn new tasks on your own vs don't ask questions, take your best stab at the work, understandably get some of it wrong but then get chewed out for making mistakes. end of the day, it's a lose-lose.
I was very excited this week to go to my first client presentation! It was awesome to see the study come full circle and to interact with the client! YAY for new learning experiences.
I feel a bit isolated and misunderstood.  I go into my office and work my magic, and people underestimate what I do.
Bad week - sick all week - so my responses aren't really valid.
There has been too much menial work over the past few months and not enough stimulation.  Somebody has to do the rote tasks at the Junior level, but it grows wearisome without any sense of balance and no light at the end of the tunnel.
Would love to have more consistent phone center work
I think it is really unfortunate that we do not have a holiday party.  It would be the one time a year that we would have an occassion to get dressed up together and act a bit fancy... I think most people want to have this when they think of where they would ideally work.  I understand there are budgetary reasons, but I can't imagine, with proper budgeting, how the money for this couldn't come from somewhere else.  I think it is very cheap on upper management's part, and is a very poor reflection on our company.  I personally do not care to work somewhere that wouldn't provide this sort of opportunity that is so common at other companies for its employees (no offense!  But is the truth).
I think we should bring back the company holiday party
Planning for 2012 is proving quite stressful and somewhat belated
This week was pretty hetic, but helped in my individual development at the same time.
I was on vacation all week :)
We have such a small team, it's hard to say anything here without easily being figured out.
"Long and stressful week.  There seems to be a new exercise in crisis management every day.  Good for character, I guess, but bad for the nerves.  I feel like I just need a nice couple of days in which everything goes according to plan and I have ample time to do everything I need to do.

Also, at this time of year I'm constantly reminded of how much I would appreciate a company-wide holiday party.  I think it would do a lot for morale to have even a scaled-down version of some end-of-the-year celebration of a year's hard work.  It may seem trivial, but honestly people from outside the company ask us all the time when our holiday party is going to be and the fact that we don't have one just makes the company look bad.  Basically it makes it appear as though the company doesn't care about its employees and doesn't value their contributions enough to celebrate them.  Even dinky little companies have holiday parties and I think the fact that we don't have one just reflects rpoorly on the organization."
Jessica Lopez did an incredible job resourcing for our team this week.  A few of us looked like we were going to be slammed this week and she came to the rescue-moving things around and getting help.  It was incredible!
"I think the office should provide limited snacks (cup of noddles, crackers, etc)

It is very low cost and free food always really boosts morale, especially when you do not have time to take lunch, forget to order food for dinner and are stuck here way past dinner time."
"need more tickets NOM, NOM, NOM....

in case you are wondering the Cockroach known as BOB was crushed today while reposing under a papertowel when a fellow Lieberman Employee accidentally (on purpose) stepped on top of him.  Funeral Services have already been held."
Still not sure what department I fall under officially. There has been no communication as to what the new organization looks like nor has an organization chart been provided. I think the change to the departments in the Pulse Survey is pre-marure with lack of communication as well.
LRW could do more to facilitate healthy lifestyles for its employees- currently it is very difficult to fit in an active lifestyle/exercise with employment at LRW. Access to showers or locker rooms for those who bike to work or go for a run during lunch, more flexible work hours, less extensive work hours and in-house activity sessions are all things other companies do to support active employees and help boost employees mental and physical health-it would be great if LRW considered doing the same!
Thank you for getting more bagels. I start my day at 10:00 am and when I would come to the office there would never be any bagels left. Today there was still some bagels when I arrived at the office at 10:00 am.
I'm very disappointed with the extremely poor planning by the leader of our team.  We already had an unexpected early leave of our AGM, which was clearly more unexpected.  Knowing the impact this had on the team, plans should have been in place MUCH earlier to prevent this from happening again (especially given it would result in the 2 senior leaders of the team being missing at the same time).  However, I'm very pleased with Jessica's willingness to jump in and help as much as possible, but there is only so much she can do to pick up the pieces.
N/A
team 131 holiday boating trip was the most awesome team activity ever!
Team 131 duffy boat outing was the best holiday party ever.
Mike Kane is god.  You should sooo use more pictures of him. ;)
Good week, continue to develop
Well, since my job is up in the air, all I can really do is work harder, but it is stressful, I'll admit.
Lack of pre-planning became really apparent on our team towards the later part of the week. Luckily we have a holiday break next week to look forward to, or it may have been even worse for morale.
"Why does my phone receive emails faster than my inbox?

Also, I do not like to hear other BU's complain/brag/talk about how busy they are, how much they are working, and how late they have to be at the office. Everyon else is just as busy as they are (suprise surprise)."
It is always better to have more work to do! When I am bored and not challenged or learning new things, I feel frustrated - this week I got to do some new tasks and I was excited to be learning non-Nike tasks!
Being kept advised on how to handle communications regarding the future of my team - totally sucked.  I am sure this will change today.............
Took some time off, so a good week as assured...:-)
More 'everything' bagels.
Please change the water filter in 17 Large kitchen
I received my $100.00 Bonus yesterday and I am very happy with that. The letter that I received kind of addressed that LRW has had a tough year and that the company would have liked to give out bigger bonuses. However every day I work here at LRW I feel like I get little bonuses. I really like the fact that you have Bagels every Friday, The Coffee Bean&Tea Leaf coffee machine on 15, and today I got a bottle of wine from Nancy and Stephanie. I am very happy to work at LRW and the fact that I got $100 bucks just because I work here makes me even happier! My old company never did anything close to what LRW does. And even though my old company did give out bigger bonuses I would take working here at LRW over working there any day.
Happy Holidays!!!
Too much stuff going on lately between Anna leaving and the episode with William. Looking forward to starting the new year fresh.
Merry Christmas to all and Happy Holidays!!
"I recieved feedback from a senior member of the team in a really harsh manner early in the week.  Instead of it being constructive, which would have helped me take helpful next steps, it made it very difficult to continue working with this person on the issues that needed to be covered. 

I understand when senior members are spread too thin and stressed, but I think it is important that a moment is taken to ensure that feedback is provided in a way that helps you move forward.  The choice of words, tone and volume in this situation was definitely counter-productive for this particular issue and put a damper on the rest of my week.

I'm happy to discuss and provide more detail if desired.
-chaya"
Everytime there is a holiday - I always need to cram my 40 hour work week into fewer days, which means late nights and long days.  There has to be a better way to plan/deal with these weeks in our business unit.
Happy New Year!!!
No work on Friday?  Bagels on Thursday! :)
"3 day week!!!

I know office moves are necessary, but I feel like employees should get some say rather than being shuffled about like pygmies. 

Also, there seems to be a programming error - if we're in TIBU, we cannot pick our role/position."
Happy New Year!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?!!!!
Only a four day work week, but still working 40+ hours.
Thank you for changing the water filter in 17 Kitchen!
"I just want to thank senior management for all they do.  Little things like the cash gift (which I wasn't expecting), bagels (yum!), or the fact that there is time set aside to hear our ideas really means a lot to me and makes me feel like I'm more than just a cog in a machine.  

Thanks and looking forward to a great 2012!"
We had a holiday and a short week. So 8 hour days were so welcomed.
"It was a short week that ended on a downslide.  Whereas I understand what is happening and everything, the feeling in this place is heavy right now... Smog has made it's way into LRW offices making the employees fuzzy and low... 

Other than that... 

Happy New Year Everyone!!!  Let's turn this sinkhole into a flower garden. ;)"
Where's Alex?
Can't wait to see what comes next!!
"ORTs do not contribute to my growth in market research. It's the same stuff every month...really mundane. 

Can you bring back the quarterly massages?"
NA
"Hi,

I have been discussing the growth expectations of senior management with several other RAs and RMs.  We are confused on how senior management arrived at a 12% growth benchmark, year-over-year for five years.    

Given the macroeconomic conditions, in particular the financial crisis looming in Europe, as well as the 60% probability that China will face similar economic turmoil in their financial sector in 2015 / 2016, combined with the fact that Lieberman competes in an extremely saturated and heavily competitive industry in the United States, a 12% revenue growth benchmark (assuming this growth to be organic and not a result of acquisition) seems unattainable.  

Could you please layout exactly how you arrived at this growth expectation and what exactly needs to happen in order for Lieberman and its employees to accomplish such performance goals?

Thank you so much for your time."
"Today's meeting was disappointing and yet, not shocking, based on this year so far... I've gradually disliked LRW more and more, but it's reached an all-time low.

One of the individuals ""laid off"" is an RD I had the pleasure of working with on an incredibly difficult project, outside 128, managed by an SRD who has no business working here (I have basic math skils 4 times her ability).  This individual was the best supervisor I've had on any project, during my entire time here (almost a year).  Yet, during the duration of that study, I had constant members of her team coming to my office to ""talk smack"", ponder how I could ever enjoy working with her, and complain that she was the ""worst LRW employee ever"".  This culture of hate seems to prevail here.  After this disappointing year and finally, this morning, I can comfortably say that I'm embarrassed to work here.  The only reason I have stayed is due to the outstanding team and culture Mike Clarke has built.  Unfortunately, that facade won't last much longer"
Shorter hours due to a Monday holiday. :-)
this feels like a reality ckeck/reflection time!
Can we let people know that volunteer for a reousrce request, that if something comes up for them that will not allow them to actually help. To just let the person requesting the help to know "Hey...Something cam up and I cannot help", instead of letting me know at 4:30 on a Friday that "Oh, some stuff came up and I was not able to work on this." Worst part is that this happened with an RM, someone that should know better.
"I was so turned off by Dave and Jeff's whining emails about the Shark Tank this week.  Stop complaining that we aren't ""innovating"" enough.  Maybe they should take their salaries that are probably at least 8-10 times mine and come up with some ideas on their own, rather than getting pissed off because the lower-level employees (that they seem very happy to fire at will) can't come up with enough brilliant, million-dollar ideas on their own...

As Regina George would say, ""stop trying to make Shark Tank happen... It's NOT going to happen."""
Long week, thankful for the 3 day weekend.
"Perhaps we can get free food/snacks/drinks from major companies like Coca-Cola, RedBull, Monster, or Nabisco who would see us as a good place to distribute free products.
I'll look into it...."
There is a point when you want to do more than just check tabs and pull reports- when do junior level team members get their chance at so what? More than once I've heard that it is "unnecessary" to have so many people in pyramid meetings because that would add unnecessary hours to the project's budget. I think at the end of the day, these learning opportunities are very necessary so the junior staff at least has a chance to do something other than menial labor. Increasing responsbility shouldn't mean more of the same tasks, it should be an increase in the amount of higher order tasks too.
Currently transitioning from 167 to 148 and majority of my work has been residual 167.
gonna miss some of the people that got let go...
Emails about Shark Tank are questionable.
Can we do something about the traffic around the office? I'm just saying....
Rocked my program and tabs. Should be fine going into Tuesday, cause Honey Badgers rule..
We are a little short handed and I feel like I am not getting to issues fast enough for everyone.  I am sure that they do not mind, but to me it is difficult.  I am trying to do more and I am but in the back of my mind, I don't feel like I am accomplishing that.
It was exciting to move into an office from a cubicle! I just wish the office wasn't so dark and cave-like. I intend to bring in my own incandescent lights.
Vacation!!!
Moral is very low in the company right now.  People can’t innovate when they are worried about their jobs.  When Jeff complains about non-client company food cost he comes across looking like Mitt Romney and that is not a compliment. I know people who work at Bloomberg in data entry.  Mike Bloomberg made more money they you can image, but people loved him because he provided a free lunch.  Romans gave out a free bread ration.
http://assets0.ordienetworks.com/images/user_photos/1141172/leo_struts_photoshop_funny_6_Leo_strutting_gets_the_Photoshop_treatment_64_Photos__fullsize.jpeg?2894b262
On the timesheets you should automatically code the last 3 time buckets as PM
It's disheartening to be work really hard week after week and then hear about how sales are slow across the company.
This seemed like a really long week.  The bagels and cream cheese were lackluster.  Micromanaging is annoying.  Too many meetings to discuss things reduces the time needed to actually do it.
pay more
I love the lotion in the womens restroom :)
The 114 team-building/kick-off day was enjoyable but the actual work throughout the week was most definitely not.
I understand that training opportunities cost money, but please do not be so quick to remove shadowing opportunities or the chance for junior staff to work alongside senior staff. These learning experiences are valuable and help break up the the menial day to day tasks that are part of gaining the core competencies that are part of the junior level. Without the chance to do so what thinking and really look at the big picture, the work RA/RMs do seems like it has no impact. That is the most frustrating part of the RA role: doing little things that seem to be just for the sake of housekeeping. I can never picture myself as an RD here if the bulk of what I'm doing is program and tab checking. Also, it comes to a point when 'enough is enough'- how many years of tab checking, program checking, pulling and papoing are ahead of me? The ambiguous answer to that question is the reason why I wonder about my longevity here.
Frustrated with the inability to plan ahead due to an unpredictable schedule...Ate take out every night because can't plan ahead to cook and always end up throwing groceries out at the end of the week if I buy them on Sunday, which is a bummer.
We had our first team kick-off event, which was really great. It's nice to have an open forum to discuss and reflect. Hopefully our leaders have good takeaways and will move forward with continued open communication.
Can we get good stuff in the vending machine on 16? I always have to go down to Trimana for a snack. Maybe some candy options that aren't loaded with fat?
It feels a little condescending when we are asked to schedule meetings for people above us. I will often receive an email from someone in a position above me asking me to schedule a meeting for this or that. They can't do it themselves. I understand that junior staff are paid less and as a result should do work that senior staff should not spend time on...but this feels like we're secretaries, not researchers. In addition, it is typically senior staff that needs meetings to be rescheduled - this results in additional emails back and forth to adapt to our boss' schedules. It just seems like it could save a lot of time if they did it themselves, or at least didn't make such a big habit out of having us schedule the meetings. Microsoft outlook is very user-friendly and I don't see how it could take so much time out of a higher-paid employee's schedule to arrange a meeting. Again, are we supposed to feel like temps/secretaries or researchers?
Can't wait to see the LRW Process get rolled out and streamline the project staff operations
"i like the LRW U newsletter - good idea.
When will Ceridian paystubs go online - I am trying to establish a paper-free home and these are leading to my clutter."
Still transitioning...from 167 to 148.
Got to work on my first issues doc and try my hand at writing to a deck - it was awesome :)
Allowing RA's and RM's the ability to work from home more often would be wonderful. Not all the time, but certainly more often. We understand why you want RA's or RM's to be here in the office physicall. But maybe adding 5-10 days of work from home, per year, non accumulating, seems reasonable.
Baback is cool
It's uncomfortable to see the way that Kim Murray treats her staff.
I struggled with what I didn't know and could not find out in a timely fashion.
I think it's great that we got to do a dept. fun day. It's good to be able to hang out with everyone and fantastic that Eric and Bret are supportive of group activities as much as the work we do.
more pay
Just excited to do great work and have such supportive leaders :)
I've been very frustrated lately with the inability to focus on 2 or 3 projects at a time. I have been "assigned" to lead projects but then get pulled onto additional tasks because I am the most junior person on the team. I am not getting to work on my analysis because I am needed to papo at the last minute or work with field vendors unexpectedly. I plan my weeks in advance to focus on the assignments I have on my plate. However, due to lack of planning or last-minute requests, I don't get the development opportunities for my growth. My boss is aware of these issues, but overall, nothing is changing.
184 is awesome.
Can we please take Delphi Greek off of the dinner rotation on seamlessweb?
Team offsite was fun but also solid from an information/strategy perspective.  Great job.
thanks for locking the 15th elevator, i feel much safer in the restrooms after hours.
"Over the past month or so, in ordering dinner, I think that the list of restaurants needs to be re-considered, as well as the order in which they are selected.  

For example, avoiding Chinese or Greek 2 times in a row.  Excluding places that have low ratings, adding new ones for variety."
The difference between 50 hours a week and 55 hours a week is enormous for lifestyle.
A team member is negatively affecting my work process, which is very frustrating.
"Work was MUCH better this week, the best in 2012 so far.  
Key reasons: 
 - Enough time to spend on tasks to get them done 'right' instead of rushing to get things done
 - Had time to do some devo work with my direct reports
 - Also had time to work on culture building within the broader team"
Food during long lunch-time training sessions would be nice :)
Thanks for fixing the 17 small coffee pot!
PLEASE stop ordering from Delphi Greek! It is the MOST disgusting food I have ever tasted! Truly inedible! In fact, please take a survey of ALL the restaurants, as most are not worthy of being served as dog food...
Work life balance does not exist here. I do not have evenings to myself and more and more, I do not have weekends to myself either. I understand that every once in a while, weekend work is a necessary evil. I get it. But, it's another story entirely if it's weekend work every weekend. It doesn't matter how "little" it may be, weekend work feels like it's work infiltrating another part of my non-work life. Constantly, I find myself apologizing to my friends and family because I'm tied up at work but it's not like I can ever say "sorry team, I want to live my life now, so I'll need to leave early today" even if I've completed all the work necessary as part of my duties and responsibilities for the day. We have a work culture here where you have to "out work" your colleagues to look like a team player. Even if I finish all my work in 6 hours and ask around to see if anyone else needs help, and there are no needs, I can't leave before 8 hours is up because I'll look as if I'm not trying.
Please remove DELPHI GREEK from list of selected restaurants to order from on Seamlessweb.
Too many meetings, too much talking, and not enough time to do the work
Very sad to hear that Rommel was let go from Production.  Who is next?  Only found out cuz I asked why his desk was missing.  Are there more layoffs planned?
"I don't know what Jeff said in the ""2012 Kick-Off"" a few weeks ago that he couldn't have said in the Muffin meeting, or what he said in his long Muffin speech that he couldn't have said during the kick-off.

The Muffin room is too small. The AC can't keep up with that many bodies in one room, and this time there were people sitting on the floor for an hour.

We had a firing today, and I want to give Jamey credit for doing job talking to the rest of us about it. This kind of thing is always upsetting, especially for a group this small, but pulling everyone together to get the news and explanation from a manager helps. He made the meeting as positive as possible."
Project team, sucked more than the client or the process.
I got to focus on my work this week! I am in the process of writing a report, and my boss sat down with me to discuss the data and focus on the story. I felt like I was actually getting the mentoring I've been promised! Plus, my time wasn't as segmented as it normally is, so I was able to analyze my report and focus on each project adequately.
Curious to know when the SRM training is going to roll out. Would love to be able to connect with more SRMs about their experiences, the work process for them, etc. and what works/doesn't. Oh, and the breakfast at the January muffin was delicious.
Fruity candy in the 16th floor vending machine please. Mike & Ike, Skittles, Starburst? I'd take just one! Anything that's less fatty than what's in there!
Too many meetings, no time to actually do work.
I'm new, so I can't say much.
"It's Friday, Friday
Gotta get down on Friday
Everybody's lookin' forward to the weekend, weekend
Friday, Friday
Gettin' down on Friday
Everybody's lookin' forward to the weekend"
Please get rid of DELPHI GREEK as a food option for dinner.
"This week felt really good.

I feel that the biggest contributor to this improvement in my mood this week is that we've been working with stellar vendors that make our lives easier, not more difficult (Intellisurvey for programming and ISA- Kevin Kneale for Tabs).  Although the clients are ""not playing by the rules"" and requesting changes past due dates but requesting that we stay on schedule, we're able to keep up with them and it's a result of having enough time to do so (as far as our workload is concerned).  we're also pushing back on clients more than usual in order to get the work done but not at an unreasonable pace.

it's a nice change of pace and an improvement for our team."
Mangement needs work on how to communicate appropriately with employees.
Amount of hours isn't the only factor that has an effect on employee satisfaction. A 40 hour week may be worse than a 50 hour week if that 40 hour week is full of unmeaningful work.
Inundated with sudden client changes to projects, too late in the game.  However, our 143 team rocks in coping.
soul-crushing, mind-numbing work and hours
My boss was out of town this week, and our projects were fairly slow. I got to be very thorough in my tasks, but I didn't learn much overall.
My week hasn't ended yet.  I'll be here tomorrow.
Nope.
The boss taking everyone out for laser tag and food helps cure a lot of ills.
more pay.
The so what? Speaker Series was really great! Wish the lecture didn't have to stop when it did. Perhaps GMs should have more discussion with individual BUs about how to relate these ideas back to actionable recommendations for clients.
Accounting Dept.
This office is filled with passive-aggressive bitches. Just because I am a lower level employee does not mean I am a slave. It wouldn't kill GM's to do some client management, but the fact that they do none shows that they have no idea what actually goes into writing a report, don't care about employee job satisfaction, have no backbone, and are moronic.
Debbie Doupe does nothing. Why does she ask employees to come to her with their work/manager problems if she's not going to do anything to help resolve them?
The Lecture Series was really informative!
The lecture this morning was really interesting.
"Linsanity bitches!

Oh and Obama made traffic suck"
I enjoyed the 1st lecture series.
Nein
LASER TAG!!! WOOT WOOT!
I had nearly nothing to do this week. Our whole team was slow, and it seemed like no one was able to pass off work. I got ahead on some of my projects but could have been doing a lot more. I did really enjoy the lecture this morning; that was a productive use of our time and very informative!
The new coffeemaker on the 15th floor made my week a lot better.  Thanks!
I am constantly being micromanaged every day.
There is no planning. Management has no idea who assigns me work, how much work I'm assigned, or what it entails. I am managed by chickens with their heads cut off. Please pay to train people how to be managers. People who are good at analyzing data or writing reports get promoted to mgmt level, but have no idea how to manage workers or delegate work.
Everyone - from the top level to the junior level - needs to be more respectful of time.  Meetings are far too often started late and running long.  It makes it very difficult to plan and do great work.
There are serious issues going on in 150, and the upper management of this group is ignoring it.  If they continue to ignore it, a whole lot more than just 4 people are going to be leaving.  People are getting frustrated and 150 upper management refuses to acknowledge it.
I am tired of being Micro managed
"Yo dawg, I straight-lined. Where's the QC term?!

Peace"
I love my team! :)
The pics of people smiling and frowning are getting a bit played out.  Why not take it to pop culture?  Have Humphrey Bogart in totally awesome, Keanu Reeves in totally sucked.  Or Michael Jackson/Britney Spears, Casablanca/Showgirls, etc. - the possibilities are endless.
Hours were down do to the long weekend.
I deserve to be trusted by my boss by now.
The loss/imminent loss of 3 people from our business unit plus the sales offsite and a 150 team leadership offsite all in the same week made a lot of processes more difficult than usual.  Hopefully things will smooth out in the next few weeks as we continue to get newer staff up to speed.
Just too many meetings / admin this week.  Killed productivity and delayed work.
"Team work" seems like just a phrase we throw around. There have been times I've felt like I've been left for the wolves, all by myself, working on a task that could've been split up with someone else who had time to offer up. I really dislike that we throw the term "team work" around if it seems like certain team members only care about doing the minimum of what is on their plate and leaving the rest for someone else (especially if that someone else is more junior). THIS IS NOT JUST SOMETHING THAT I'VE NOTICED THIS WEEK. This is an ongoing theme I've noticed. Maybe it's just the company culture.
Seriously, the Seamless Web menu options are HORRIBLE.  It is clear that some random HR employee selects these, but NEVER stays past 5PM to experience any of these options.  There are sooo many awesome LA restaurant options on that website, and the same exact ones that we use every. single. week, are just awful.  If you have to be trapped here until 8/9/10/etc. PM, you should at least get a good meal!  I'd much rather just expense one from the mall then eat the lackluster stuff that gets delivered 90% of the time (usually with a screwed up order).
Please improve the LRW website. What is it? 1996?
The 17th floor vending machine has gummy bears. Any chance of getting those on 16?
"3 out of the 4 days this week I was in the office for over 11 hours.  The 4th day I was here for 9 hours.  No one is forcing me to stay here but since I am trying to grow and be the project lead while still technically in the support role, there's a lot that has fallen onto my shoulders.  I am too much of a perfectionist to let things go, so instead I put pressure on myself to not let anything slide.

I anticipate that next week will also be quite crazy.  The only reason I am ok with this is because I am hoping that when this phase is over (the phase where I am trying to be the support and lead at the same time) that everything will be more balanced.  I hope I am right."
I am doing too much JUST Pulling & PAPOing and need some variety!
Please update the LRW website. Ours is not something to show off, especially since it is inaccurate and out of date. Maybe we can replace it with just a countdown clock that indicates when the new website will be launched.
I would suggest long term recurring meetings NOT be scheduled in advance for the whole year. If the plan is for moralle, then seeing such a hyped event cancelled for the whole year does not deliver.
I lose sigificant amounts of time as I'm working because of a slow network connection in Chicago.
I think it is important for new people entering the company at a senior level to fully understand our BIP process, as getting different feedback at every level of a project, after the meetings have been held is inefficient.
Code 15
more pay
I love working here
Bring back the lotion in the womans restroom. It made me so happy!
There was talk of revising the bonus program for this year, but nothing has been discussed since - it would be nice to have an update.
I had the right balance of work, admini and informal training to implement.
sad to see the shark tank go permanently.  I would advocate for once per quarter, gives people time to research and prep.
I don't think it's a coincidence that in 11 months I have seen every RA assigned to Kim Murray leave LRW. I think the junior level people on our team would appreciate some sort of action from senior management to try to modify Kim's managerial style. It feels like an elephant in the room. It's clearly a problem, but no one is doing anything about it.
Time pressure was a problem this week.  While hours were ok, intense focus on proposal forced me to trade off focus on developing the team and managing current studies.
I always get confused when IT asks folks to put everything through help desk.  There are times we are asking for support through a phone call because we cannot log-in.
Eh... starting to get a bit frustrated, but it is what it is. we need to get the IPS Rollout requirements finished to take some weight off our shoulders right now.
Immersion made it REALLY challenging to get all other work done :/
Tired
My overall response of not great isn't necessarily due to work - but more so personal reasons.
I got some training in analysis this week and found that very interesting.
Awesome teamwork.
Nothing like getting personally attacked daily at your job. Criticism from your manager should be work-related, not personal
love LRW & IPS :)
"In general, I think the management is doing a really great job about trying to help make everyone happier. I personally see how they are trying to find solutions to things that people are unhappy about. 

However, realistically sometimes the day to day of the job can be very dry, unmotivating, etc and when the team all together is pretty negative, it is hard to remain positive. Also, I feel like a lot of people think the development being transparent is not 100% true. Yes there are development plans that we go through each day, but in general the reasons some people are promoted over other, or when the promotions happen, etc seems very inconsistent. I dont think at my level I personally see it that much, but in general I have heard a lot of discontent about that."
It's hard to not say you had a totally awesome week when you are the one in the photo. :-)
This week on our team we had some big accomplishments and it was refreshing to see how quickly these team members were recognized and a celebration was planned.
Great coaching/mentoring interaction with junior staff this week, and a TON of great proposal writing experience (including great debate/conversation in the AMWG)
There are new restaurants on Seamless Web!!!  AHHHH!!  THIS IS THE BEST THING EVERRRR!!!  I cannot tell you how much appreciated this is.  The previous restaurants were a joke... Horrible choices.  I yelped a few of the new ones that popped up this week, and they seem like great choices!  KUDOS to whoever was a part of that!
More responsibility is great, give me more!
I am very excited about the new LRW process efficiencies that Josh and Steve laid out.  I think it will help the company...a lot!!
Good work/lif balance this week!
the freedom to work on side projects and innovations for LRW makes the long hours worthwhile
Sort of a blah week.  I realized I need to have more of a life outside of work and I bet many people here feel the same way...when we're here more than we should be, exercise, social activities, and other personal pursuits all suffer because of it.
I understand that there have been a lot of staff changes in accounting, but it's been frustrating to get brushed off or get bounced from person to person on billing issues. It seems like an inefficient use of everyone's time to continuously not get around to something...
FYI - until now I've been setting a "standard" work week as "Pretty Cool", but I think it makes more sense for an average week to be "OK" .... my satisfaction has not actually gone down, but I am changing the way I view the survey question....
"great new Seamless restaurants!
also, can we get some big cups up in the 17 kitchens?"
The team meeting we had on Monday was great.
I was terribly sick this week, however, my team came through and picked up the slack until I got better.   Amazing to work with such a team!
I really liked the "interpersonal communication" course I took - I think everyone should have a seminar and do the MBTI so we all can work better together - especially with our direct managers.
I anticipate that we will need more RM/SRMs this year. Otherwise we are going to have some resource problems.
Client special requests added hours and reduced my ability to plan this week.
Senior Management really making the effort to not only help identify and tackle issues with disatisfaction, but show that they are tackling it is really impressive.
The horrible seamless restaurants are BACK!!  Say whaaat??!?!  Last week was a 100% step in the right direction (not even in the right direction... it was a step to the final destination.  If there were restaurants of that calibre every week, people wouldn't complain like they do now).  Please look into this!
Vegas!
Staggering projects when assigning them is key.  Having 3 projects that are in the exact same phase of the project cycle makes it really, really difficult to have enough time to dedicate to each of them, and it makes it tough to deliver the same high quality on each of them.  There's usually some type of trade off where one has to get sacrificed so that the work on the others can get done.  Unless you work consistently 11-13 hr. days, which is what I've been doing for the past 2-3 weeks.  Sacrificing working out to get into the office early, leave late, and eat crappy take out for dinner?  Not good for anyone sanity.
I love development and getting to learn new things! It makes this job FUN!
I worked on some multifacted bids, but I also had the time to do them. They were not rush, rush, hurry up. Plus my workload allowed me the time for them.
Delphi Greek is a horrible Seamlessweb option for dinner orders -- it is very poor quailty, has few options and is unhealthy (i.e., really greasy).  When Delphi Greek is the option, most people decide to either not order dinner that day or they walk somewhere nearby to buy dinner instead.
Fuck You All
My boss is leaving. :(  She is the only one that I know that I can find and will help when I need an answer.
Why is Igor on the survey? He does not work here any longer? Also how do I get my picture to be in the survey? Don't we have enough staff to always have someone new? Sometimes I see the same pic/person multiple times.
On a couple days this week, I had to work pretty long hours.  And although I had Monday off, Cynthia was willing to take some stuff off my plate that she had time for in order to try and make it so I could leave early on Friday.  I really appreciated this, as it showed me that she appreciated and valued the time that I put in early in the week.
"Had a very stressful week. Not a lot of work Monday Tuesday, CRAZY Weds Thurs, and so far moderate today. 

Feels like project waits until the last minute to include Field on some important things that would have been easier had we known about in advance. We need to plan ahead more!"
We need webcams for our managers that work from home.  Relatively inexpensive, but very efficient for meetings and a great use of money.  Please invest in this!!
We have a weekly team meeting, but the fact that Debbie is leaving was completely ignored.
This JOB ROCKS!
The men's restroom on 15 is creepy. When you walk in you can be greeted by the bright flash of some dude in the stall as the light reflects off his hairy, pasty thighs. Can something be done so there is not such a huge gap between the door and doorframe? I dont like watching or being watched during the making of a fece.
we are getting very busy and need more RM/SRM level support
Please no more Delphi Greek for dinner selection
It is amazing to find out what people think of you as a person and the contribution you really make to the organization once you give a termination notice.
The picture this week is of an employee who does not work here anymore
I'd like to have a webcam in order to communicate with my remote boss. It seems like every time it's brought up, it becomes a wild goose chase to get approval or figure out what next steps to take. If this was rectified, our communication would be greatly improved.
Fuck You All
First week with LRW and all is going well!
Well, I was on vacation...so a really calming week.  :-)
You may consider not using a picture of someone you laid off for the pulse survey.  Poorly executed!!!
Probably shouldn't use photos of former employees in the pulse survey
I recently got promoted to RM, and I think Scott and my team did an awesome job of recognizing it and making me feel very accomplished/appreciated.  The RA to RM promotion isn't exactly "revolutionary" around here... But, the way it was handled wouldn't make you think so.  Promotions on my old BU were sort of not a big deal, which is fine, but on TIBU, Scott announced it as a surprise during our staff meeting before I even knew, I had almost every team member come over to me in the following days to congratulate me, and even when I found out I would get to move to my own office, Glenn treated the whole thing as a big surprise, too.  I honestly wasn't expecting any of this (I was planning to just go into my review and find out), but I thought it was just a very cool thing.  It's hard to feel "special" sometimes when you're sort of a junior-level "bitch" around here (sorry, LRW... But, it's true), and this was totally the opposite.  Woo!
I think you should pay attention to the pictures you put on these.  Using a picture of someone that quit is one thing, but this week's picture is of someone you fired.  I don't think this sends a very good message.
Probably best not to include pulse photos of people who have either quit or been laid off...
I am not properly supported. I need a bigger or more capable team in order to effectively get the volume of work done that is required of at the SRD level.
NA
Worked on lots of staff development this week, which I love.
Everything's fine--I just had a bad middle part of the week when a client asked us to redo a report. Boo!
I think it's pretty terrible that you are using the image of a employee that you laid off, and then you are advertising for his same position in the weekly update.
The only person that is in our corner is leaving.  Her boss, who is taking over, likes to get things in email and not face to face, but then does not answer the email or if he does it is not in a timely fashion.  How did you expect my week to go?
Happy our team is growing!
it is kind of weird to keep having people who don't work here be the anchor points on the scale
I think it's great that sales are going well, but I'm a little worried about how the the workload's going to get managed in the short term with fewer RDs.
I love you guys!
The plates in the kitchen suck.
I am seriously under supported in my role. Not only is this jeopardizing my own satisfaction and general sanity, it is also jeopardizing our client relationships, work quality and ability to achieve financial goals. This needs to be solved asap.
I love the OC Easter Egg hunt!!! Best day ever!!!
It's great to see us all work together with the marketing sciences team to delight the client.
I love the OC Easter Egg Hunt!! Best day ever!!
"i totally had a pretty cool week, but after attending the ITAC meeting (which went well), and speaking on a personal level with a few collegues, i've become more aware that some people in other BUs are not being given the chance to participate in inter-BU activities, or are disappointed with their personal individual developement.  different people expressed concerns over their BUs not having the time to train them properly (their BUs are very busy), and concerns over their ineffective utilization (project management issues).

this bums me out...mainly because i'm realizing i work for a damn cool BU, and as a result, my LRW experience is very different from theirs."
NA
time alloted for providing bids to GMs/AGMs seems to be getting tighter and tighter and it is very difficult to provide quality bids in the time we are given, which is typically only 24-48hrs
I hate to keep straight line you guys but I am loving life right now :)
Today we had an impromptu easter egg hunt that was awesome!!!
This week was great - I am on several new studies and went to a Tab Checking workshop and things seem to be coming together! I love the new learning experiences!
managers should give junior staff 1 compliment for every ten derogatory comments/insults to help even it out.
"JUMBACO!!! 
http://i.imgur.com/Bidos.jpg"
managers need anger management
working on the LRW website redesign - YES!!!!!
random thought - but can the issue with the projector in the muffin room please be addressed?  the "dots" are getting increasingly worse and it is often very difficult to see what's being presented because of them.
week was fine, but had several bids that I was given less than 24hrs to work on, hard to manage already existing jobs and meet this kind of timing and still do quality bids.
This is my 2nd response because i forgot to write that I'm really enjoying the Lecture Series. It's informative, interesting and gives a different perspective.  I truly appreciate the company providing company time for participation, especially the Field Dept. /pc
"I went to the so what? lecture series with Simon Uwins and that was great.  I think the so what? lecture series is a great program overall.

One minor note though that the projector in the MUFFIN conference room whould be fixed/replaced.  At minimum it should swapped with a less used projector (one on 15?) because it does not give a great impression of our company to the guest speakers."
SoWhat? Lecture Series = awesome!  Keep it up!
"Love new studies, learning and the So What? Lectures! 

Those are so interesting! I think it would honestly be awesome to have more time to ask questions or have a discussion amongst ourselves as to how we can take what we learned in these lectures and apply it to our research and what we do! They always have such great engaging stories full of great information, but they are talking right up until the end and it leaves much to be desired! And while we have these great resources, it would be in our best interest to take advantage! Or if we don't have that person as a resource, we can create a team that has meetings or even just an email chain where we can share thoughts/ideas/questions with each other! Just a thought (or a few thoughts!)"
The So What? lecture was great. I love those...
I am not properly supported. It is very frustrating.
F U ALL
We were down by a lot of people, which made it a really tough week.
I love when my boss tells me on Friday afternoon that I will be working through Friday night. Nothing like good planning.
major problem that keeps coming up is lack of leadership in this group, lack of inspiration
THE LABATHON WAS SOOOOOOOOOO AWESOME!!!!!!!!
I was discouraged by my bosses in the BU from participating in the Labs. This was very frustrating because such activities are very fun and engaging.
Code 12
Bring back massages!
Bring back massages!
I admit, I question this concept of anonimity at LRW.  A while ago we were asked to write up some positive comments to be given to AM's and told that, if desired, they could be anonymous (i.e., our names would not be revealed and only the comments would be incldued).  I asked that mine to be anonymous, but I learned yesterday that this was not done when one AM thanked me for my comments.  I wonder if this is really anonymous too - something to think about - it certianly would be easy to trace the source of the response  Oh well.
"Labathon was GREAT!!

Please do this more often (perhaps every quarter?)
Improvement:  If more of LRW could participate that would be great. (Shutting the company down for a day is not unreasonable)"
I really enjoyed the lab-a-thon. It felt like proof that LRW 2.0 is more than just a gimmick. It's exciting to remember what makes LRW special and to feel like my opinions matter and are heard.
Time allocated for doing bids seems to be shrinking, it's become the norm that all bids are needed within 24, maybe 48 hours as opposed to the exception.
not inspiring to work in our group without better leadership from the top
This week one of my coworkers went on vacation and we were forced to cover his workload as well. This overwhelmed the department and I found myself and my coworkers all covering 50+ hours. We should probably hire some more folks as we have lost six employees in the last year and have yet to replace them while the same workload if not more remains.
Requesting gummy bears/skittles/starburst/mike&ikes in 16th floor vending machine. Something sugary, fruity, not too fatty. Please.
There are increasingly too many of meetings and "talking"
The hackathon was awesome!  I really enjoyed the website recruiting topic with Joan!  I hope we can do it again!
I thought the Labathon was awesome!  Go Scott!!
I think that every person should have web-cams. This is a great way to facilitate inter-office relationships between people working in the LA office, satellite locations, & remotely.
LOVED Lieberman Labs! What a way to bring the whole company together - I got to interact and brainstorm with people on team's I wouldnt otherwise get to work with and take time to think about things that really matter, but don't often times get priority over other work! I also really loved how Senior Management really supported the event and the special touches with the Sprinkles Cupcakes and the espresso machine really made the day feel like something special and that I work for a kick ass company!
The reason why my week was not great is because I was sick.  Everything else was ok but that factor brought my overall score down.
"We should have web-cams for all remote employees and their team members; also, we should have them in all of the conference rooms. This is a great way to facilitate inter-office relationships between people working in the LA office, satellite locations, & remotely and ensure that individuals who report to remote bosses are being fully trained and developed.

Also, I thoroughly enjoyed the LRW labathon! It was awesome to partake in multiple sessions and hear from team members across the company; it was an enriching day."
I spent the two days holiday I had booked 6 weeks ago, in order to see my parents, working from home and driving to a topline debrief.  Hypothetical holidays and client disappointment are not a recipe for a great week
The labathons made my week. I had so much fun and I hope we get to have them again soon.
So glad to be on a team with people who truly love what they do and embody elements of "The Happiness Advantage"... and proud to see it reflected in the ESAT results!
I know this is silly and probably too expensive to fix, but the chairs we sit on during the muffin meetings are so uncomfortable. It's difficult to concentrate on the meeting while sitting in those chairs. My friend who is 6 feet tall can barely even fit in the chairs. If there is money to replace them, I think that would be a great idea. Thanks!
"WHAT IS UP WITH THE COFFEE BEAN MACHINE ON 15? Please do not take it away. Without the coffee my week as sucked. That is why I rated everything low on this weeks survey. Peet's coffee sucks and I am used to  the Coffee Bean Machine. Please buy some more coffee beans.

Thank you."
Nope.
I have been to several training courses recently and some of them seem to be too drawn out. Perhaps the information could be streamlined so the sessions are more efficient and effective.
Great first week!
"The coffee machine on 15 needs beans and no coffee all week isnt good. The coffee machine maintence guy said its not broken, just needs beans so i dont get why it hasnt been filled in over a week.

Also, the happy hour is a good way to end week."
Need better support. I know Tim and Debbie are working on it.
Muffin meeting presentation was awesome!
Put some beans in the coffee machine on 15.  Please.  We're dying down here.
blah
The seats at MUFFIN meeting are very uncomfortable and too close to the row in front of you
Participating the SRM Leadership Workshop was one of the best trainings I have been in.  I think it is really important for SRMs to connect and have each other available as resources.
Looking forward to happy hour!
Nope
I think the company is really starting to improve things across the board.  The ESAT presentation was insightful and very well done.
Lower fat candy in 16th floor vending machine. Such as gummies, mike and ikes, skittles.
During the Muffin meeting today, Jeff made a comment about how hard the American Greetings team worked last year, and no one in the company worked harder than them.  That comment didn't sit the right way- it is as if the hard work being done by the majority of the other employees was being discounted.
FUCK YOU ALL
This is my first week at LRW and it had been a bit challenging but fun!
I would really like some clarification about some of the methodological choices made in the ESAT study? I would really like to better understand why the ESAT study reports the means whereas we usually report Top Box & Top 2 Box for our clients. Additionally, I would love to see some subgroup analysis of the differences between roles (ie. RA vs. RM vs. SRM etc.). Finally, can we PLEASE fix the axis labels on the chart by next year (oldest year on the left and most current on the right) - it's ridiculous that this has been incorrect for TWO years now.
(I'm taking this on Monday): I thought Friday's happy hour was so much fun!  Honestly, if the company was okay with doing things like that every so often (every 2 or 3 months...?), I truly believe that the employees (especially the "younger" set) would be much happier about working here and having fun.  I met a ton of new faces and socialized with all sorts of people from around the company, and almost everyone seemed to be in agreement about this.  BRING ON THE HAPPY HOURS!!
Happy to have the opportunity to learn!
"Happy Hour last week was awesome!!

Also, Hazelnut coffee on 17... keep it coming!"
"Loved the happy hour last week!  Would be great to have a regular company-wide event like that on a more regular basis - maybe quarterly?  I met a lot of new people that have recently joined the company, as well as some LRW veterans that I hadn't had the opportunity to meet yet.

Great way to create a fun work environment by feeling connected to coworkers!"
If you're not going to offer gluten free muffins at the muffin meeting, at least bring back the good orange juice.
Jeff / Andrew gave a great presentation!
A lot of it I brought onto myself though.
Accounting issues and the fact the invoices and incentive/advance requests are not being paid on time is extremely frustrating and continues to be a problem that adds more run around and stress to the work day. Even incentive requests submitted 2 weeks in advance are not being paid on time due to a lack of available funds.
When the error message displays for the overall week satisfaction question, the formatting of the last picture is off and crosses the green border.  You have just been program checked!
I love you guys!
I love the employee pics in this survey but it would be nice to see names with the faces.
It's still super awkward and uncomfortable to walk into the men's room on 15 and
It'd be nice if the coffee machine on 15 were working again. Not sure why it's been out for the count for a few weeks. Some small things have big impacts on morale.
Hoboken jacked all their prices up for dinner! Can't order a thing there anymore without an overage
I was really awesome at my job this week. I felt appreciated and like a valuable part of the team. Also, the Happy Hour was a blast and should happen again soon.
Can someone please refill the water tanks on the 16th floor kitchen?
reviews are 2 months late
Bad client experiences this week had more impact on my satisfaction than anything related to LRW.
The happy hour was so fun!!  It made everyone around the company happier, and I got to meet new people!
More happy hours!!!
It's been an interesting week; I've switched managers, so I look forward to seeing how that impacts my growth and learning. I'm glad my team has been so supportive of this transition. I know that we need more support due to losing a few other members as well; hopefully that will come together soon.
I'd like to complain about the candy again in the vending machine on 16, but I haven't looked at this week, so maybe it's better!
LOVED the ImpliCT presentation. Learning opportunities like this make for a more fun and exciting workday.
TIBU is definitely understaffed. We need at least 1-2 other experienced RA's or RM's please!
Obama is in town!
Not great resource planning or client management this week.
Just because I am an entry-level employee does not mean I am your slave- meant to get you coffee, print your papers, etc. I have my own work load to take care of.
When will the Coffee Bean coffee maker get fixed on 15? We miss it!
The so what talk today was really interesting and engaging. I think it was a nice change to have a female speaker this time as well.
The IPS team outing was so much fun!!  It was great spending time with other members of the team.  Things are looking up and up as the summer is approaching...
In thinking about the training courses offered, it seems that it would be beneficial to offer training courses focused more on marketing strategy. Many of the junior level employees are not trained in business and while it is enourcaged to seek knowledge outside of the company, I think it would help the company overall if employees were trained to have more business knowledge.
"Sending the Pulse Survey immediately after the Speaker Series was a great idea. Eva's presentation was fascinating. Thank you for providing us with the opportunity to learn from her. 

I also won the BU's SuperStar award for the month. It feels really good to be valued and recognized for my hard work."
great job with the SRM Leadership training!
"The SRM training day with Lisa S. blew my expectations out of the water.  It was time well-spent.

Also, the ""So What"" Lecture Series continues to be great, loved the talk from TWDC.  Keep them coming!"
"We meet as a team this week to discuss the ESAT scores, which I liked.  It gave everyone an opportunity to speak out things.

Additionally, I have really appreciated that Scott has reached out and offered support on studies that are really tight on timing."
I am excited to be helping create/implement new IPS processes for field
Awesome first week! Field team is incredible.
Let's get rid of these "so what lectures"... I'm serious.  I have no idea who thought these were applicable on a grand scale to LRW's employees, so that they should happen every month.  I mean, I'm not saying they're not a good idea, in some capacity... But considering we're "cash-strapped" (at least, we were coming into 2012...), I cannot figure out why these are relevant/necessary.  Honestly, I think the employees would be much happier if all of the money going into paying these people for these monthly lectures (I'm assuming we pay them?  But even so, there's also tons of money wasted in admin time) was instead set aside to put on more LRW happy hours.  I know that sounds silly, but I'm dead serious.  Bring on the employee bonding, moral-boosting, and happiness!!  Once the company is filthy rich again, we can waste money on semi-pointless lectures that don't even really apply to market research (...sorry, but someone's gotta say it).
Nice to see the ESat results for our BU and talk about how to improve certain things.
I think the new bonus plan is a good idea!
Thanks for Factor's. I've worked so many late nights (miserable and cranky) on an empty stomach because the food option was so awful. It was nice to have Factor's this week.
It's not motivating to be told to expand my working hours to get more work done when I'm already feeling overworked.
2.5 weeks in China for Intel = a dream come true :)
Thank You for getting more beans for the Coffee Bean Machine on 15. That makes me happy that it is refilled. Alot of people really like that machine. Every floor should have one :-)
would it be possible to get a parrot for an LRW pet? it can stay in Dave's office.
It is very much appreciated that LRW execs are trying to make clear the experience for employees. I really hope such a vision can come to fruition. My 2c is that innovation needs to be continually rewarded and encouraged by the WHOLE company, not just the top execs.
"When making IT updates to say, every mode of communication (i.e. email, IM, phone, etc), it would be most practical/efficient/convenient/appreciated to make those updates during weekends or extreme hours of weekdays -- not at 4 PM on a Friday while we're trying to finish/deliver reports to clients.  And on top of that, if IT is going to make updates, they should figure out a way to make them without disrupting the morning after as well.

On another note, the employee vision was interesting.  I wonder the extent to which RAs/RMs can relate to a GM/AGM/AM who's been with the company for 10+ years.  By virtue of them being here and staying for so many years, they are naturally inclined to have a positive view of the company's opportunities and culture.  

Lastly thing, the turn over in the accounting department is a little startling.  Not that it concerns me at all, aside from the fact that it took them 3 months to locate a travel cost, confirm that incentives were sent out and post it to the job."
Deja vuing back to the days when I would be the research lead and SE on a project simultaneously.  A fun challenge, but not really all that helpful in terms of personal development or sleeping.
"I enjoyed the AMC meeting today.  But, I feel like no one talks to IPS on our oppurtunities within the company.  Almost everything is directed toward RA's but nothing to any other section of the company.  This includes all of the meetings at LRW as well as LRW University.

I know we are greatly outnumbered but throw us or any other non RA a bone everyonce and awhile."
Lisa, please get creative with the awesome/sucked pics.
Why the AMC chairs were more comfy, the Hyatt ballroom was less distracting (auido, visuals were better at the ballroom).  Also the food was tastier.
"Appreciate the clarity provided on the employee experience.  Nice, short, to-the-point, and very clear.

Would be nice if this got posted somewhere on i2... So as a manager, I can remind myself on a regular basis... am I helping remove obstacles for RAs/RMs, am I ensuring they have opportunities, etc."
Too much time working on how the deck looks for a dataroom, and not enough time thinking about the analysis.
Great Mission presentation!  Really liked the VARIETY of speakers and role models, young and old.  I had fun this week  training, reviewing reports, giving feedback and sharing examples of outstanding report ideas (even from competitors).  I figure you're never too old to learn from anywhere and everywhere.
"Employee Vision roll-out:
-If you schedule a meeting at 8:30 and tell us there will be breakfast, then half the food contains bacon and all of the food contains cheese, that means some of us get no breakfast at all.
-After the meeting, I'm not sure what my take-aways are supposed to be. I found a lot of the principles in the Powerpoint vague, and I'm not sure how they describe differences between working here and working anywhere else.
-Some of the testimonials (Eric, Jeremy) were really great. Matt Walker's was less useful. The great thing about working here is the freedom to say hello to people in the hall, form a basketball team, and go on a ski trip?"
Immersion this week was very intensive and a great learning experience.  I believe it could be slightly improved by increasing the amount of hands-on/applied learning, although Steve said this was already increased this session.  Also, maybe encourage a little more intra-immersion team bonding, leave some time for the group to grab lunch together on like Monday, and I think this will positively influence how the group works and interacts for the rest of the week.
Not only did I work on one of the coolest reports of all time this week - a very brief, newsletter-style report with great infographics - but I also got to completely lead a data room on-site at Honda by myself with no safety net of an SRD, AGM or GM.  Felt great to fly solo!
"Liked the Employee Vision Meeting...It made me feel more inspired to have my career here... But I still think that some of the successes we see in the people higher up who have been around the longest are not realistic today. Even Nancy said in her speech at the end 'I would not have been hired today'. Whereas in the past you could rise through the ranks quickly, now it seems like most take a longer time to get promoted. While good to aim high, it can be damaging to pretend the career paths some others (older ppl) have had are possible for the newer people. 

The company could do MUCH more to facilitate employees w/ families. I see people waiting until they have been here a long time and are older to have children, which I don't see as a good sign. The work-life balance just seems off and the benefits lacking to support a young family.

While I am at it, 10 days of vacation a year is just not enough. If you want people to work hard and feel valued and a part of the company, give them a little more time off."
NA
Not that I wasn't already excited that I work here, after the meeting this morning I feel like my potential to do something amazing is limitless.
"Really enjoyed the EVP meeting.  

The most impactful part? Michelle's and Nancy's off-the-cuff remarks, clearly from the heart."
I enjoyed participating in the SRM ESAT follow-up meeting.
Just a suggestion for the future: offer vegan-friendly options at company events offering food: like a cheese-less pizza from bj's, or bagels without egg/cheese/bacon....plain bagels would have been nice this morning bc i don't eat eggs, dairy, meat, or any other animal-derivative :)
"The culture of the team is to bend over backwards and do what it takes to make the client happy. The team and account managers should take the team into account also.

Even if you want to vocalize that there is something that you dont have the time to do, you can't say anything because the rest of the team is doing it. Are you going to be the one person who says no, I dont want to work late or I dont want to work OT... I want to go home? You work this hard for the team and to support your teammates, but the team should look out for the people in it. If not, we will continue to lose employees as the ""okay I'm willing to just work and have no life balance"" attitude of just starting at your first job wears off."
Enjoyed the presentation on LRW's Opportunity Culture.
did a couple of very successful brainstorming sessions...ROCK!!!!!!!!  always good to get a bunch of people in a room and throw around ideas.  especially satisfying when it leads to solutions.
to the leadership team: loved the employee vision rollout! Nicely done! Kudos to the Nancy for her inspiring impromptu testimonial.
"I was able to travel to DC for a presentation early in the week which was cool and a great learning experience.

The Employee Vision this morning was very underhwelming and not exciting or really anything new. Was expecting more from it. 

It would also be cool if we had more games to play than foosball in production. Soemthing like a room with dartboard, ping pong, air hockey, arcade games etc would be good to have around somewhere."
I thought the "employee vision" presentation was pretty silly.  I WILL say that I really appreciate the effort that senior management puts into all of this, lately... I truly feel that they care.  With that said... Perhaps this presentation worked for some, but I thought it was very artificial to have "success story" people essentially talking about themselves, with the model (I assume) being for the junior people to be motivated to be just like them.  I think, if the company really wants to motivate the junior level, they need to do it in a much more organic fashion.  To me, this is way too much of a hitting-over-the-head approach, which just made me want to roll my eyes (except when Nancy speaks... Haha.  You can't help but feel she is the most genuine person in the world).  However, I tend to think this in general about a lot of things, so I wouldn't be surprised if some junior people found it "motivating".  Just my two cents.
It was a really slow week on our team- while it was nice to have a breather, it wasn't very stimulating. I thoroughly enjoyed the Employee Value Prop meeting on Friday, however. It's nice to be part of a company that cares and shares visions and missions like this with the employees!
Got lost in the details of pulling for a giant tracker, and lost my sense of the purpose and findings of the report.
I had a very slow week; our team was slow overall, and then I had a project canceled as well. While it's nice to get out of the office earlier, it's hard to not have much work to do.
i've wasted approximately 798 minutes of my life waiting for the 17 large kitchen toaster to toast something! that comes out to $466.78. how many toasters could that buy?
"Verseput: Yes, I've heard. Manages men by the hundreds, and if he were here he'd consume our clients with fireballs from his eyes and bolts of lightning from his arse. I AM Josh Verseput. And I see a whole company of my Liebermanites here in defiance of tyranny. You have come to fight as free men, and free men you are. What would you do without IPS? Will you fight?

Veteran soldier: Fight? Against that? No, we will run; and we will live. 

Verseput: Aye, fight and you may die. Run and you'll live -- at least a while. And dying in your beds many years from now, would you be willing to trade all the days from this day to that for one chance, just one chance to come back here and tell our clients that they may manage our projects, but they'll never take our MARGINS!!!"
Teach all managers how to properly resource manage....
"That was the rowdiest MUFFIN meeting I've ever been to.  Whilst correlation does not prove causation, I think it was due to Jeff's shirt :)

Speaking of, quick note to Jeff: Little emails like the 'have a good, long weekend' that was sent on Friday go a long way.  Much appreciated. 

Also, props to Steven for relaunching the LunchBus."
Got a cool new project with smart clients.  Always a good combo!
I would love so much if LRW could try to offer non-dairy options at company-wide events! There are plenty of people who are vegan, lactose-intolerant, or prefer a non-dairy (and/or non-meat) diet. Plain bagels are an easy option, where as muffins, cake, cookies, and other pastries are all made with dairy. At muffin meeting, the only thing i could eat was fruit...and by the time i got to it, most of it was gone :/
Thanks to Microsoft for continuing to make IT life suck!!
Didn't have very much work to keep myself occupied.  Felt like I really had to really scratch and claw to find stuff to do.  Hopefully things will pick up more soon.
It is my first week, but I love the culture here. Everyone I have come across is very friendly and helpful. I can already tell that I have all the resources I will need to succeed. I also know that I will have a lot of interesting projects and challenges to develop my market research skills.
I had an impromptu q're apprentice training session this week that sucked up some time I was planning to use towards another project.  Sounds a little like a bummer, but the training session was so rewarding for me and (I think) for the person I mentored, so it was totally worth the 2.5 hours I allocated away from the other project.
No
my week was great, aside from the fact that greg schneider messed up the pictures in the pulse survey. slacker.
There is something to be said for a 40-hr work week--feels FABULOUS to be able to manage my work AND have adequate time for my life outside of work!  I didn't have to make a trade-off between getting work done and exercising even one single day this week.  I'm a healthier, happier camper this week.
RA/RMs need more vacation days! A dozen a year is not enough to be with our friends and family, have the chance to travel and enjoy our lives and get a restful break from work.
Have spent a lot of time this week and last week giving feedback: about the Employee vision, informal training, etc.  I think it's a good thing, but a little concentrated over the last couple weeks.
Not a bad week, just a lot of work to get through.
ISA tabbing is horrendous.  90+ tab changes, rework of codeframes multiple times.  It's incredibly frustrating.
Most problems for me this week were client driven.
It seems like there have been lots of changes in the accounting department. I think it'd be fun and useful to introduce the new people at a Muffin meeting. The fun part would be when they burst through a big piece of paper like athletes; the useful part would be learning who we should contact for each of our accounting needs.
Back to the dog picture, huh?
This week was rough, but, it's all good!  Also, we did a team event, and it was awesome... I think Scott reads these?  I dunno.  If so, Scott, woo hoo!  Love the team events.  Let's make even more $$$ as a BU so we can do even more!
Tough week.  A lot of data problems resurfaced from a long time ago that we had to communicate to the client.  Ultimately things are ok but it has been a very stressful couple of weeks.
This was only my first week at LRW, but it seems like I will really enjoy working here. I have a passion for market research so I am excited at the variety of projects that, from my understanding, will come my way in the next few weeks. I am also looking forward to the experience I will gain with each new project and responsibility.  Most importantly, the environment is very positive and laid back, and my colleagues are more than willing to help any time I have questions.
150 team event (doger's game) was a great time!
Was out of office a few days
Some miscommunication with another team led to some frustration, but I'll just accept it as a learning experience for the future.
When people go out of the office, they need to use the ooto assistant! We've found people who don't do this and it makes things more complicated... In HR, in field, etc
no
Need better staffing plans and better thought out proposals. Would like it if decisions could be made more quickly. Take a long time to change.
Keanu!!!!  <3 it! I was going to put "Pretty Cool" but he just looked so happy that I realized my week was Totally Awesome!
Weird week for me.  Everyone else was busy and I had very little to do!
It is my second week so I am sure I will improve in my ability to plan and execute more efficiently, but there are definitely a variety of interesting projects every day and my team is very friendly and helpful. I am confident that I have a great opportunity to develop my market research skills. I am very happy so far!!!
Nope
Continuing data issues on one project.  Although I feel a sense of pride in resolving the issues, it's still a huge pain in the ass to get to the bottom of everything and I just want it to end.
"just a busy week combined with some challenging IT issues
without the IT issues it would have been a ""pretty cool"" week"
"Harry: One time, we successfully mated a bulldog with a Shih-Tzu.
Mary: Really? That's weird.
Harry: Yeah, we called it a bullshit. 

HARRY! YOUR HANDS ARE FREEZING!!"
I am loving life!
I find it frustrating that IPS job numbers don't always get pulled before we've been working on projects for several days. I've had nights this has made it impossible to charge my dinner to the correct project. (This would be even more annoying if I were filling in FastTime every day.)
Got to work with my team in-person for the week, so that was fun (as usual).  Definitely good timing, because we were working on a report and having me there in person certainly helped with the process.
I'm worried about the happiness of our junior staff... One's already transferring, and my gut feeling is that I don't think we're going to have any RA's on our team in a few weeks.
"Finally really feeling like I'm getting to take a more pure PM role on my projects, as opposed to part-time PM/part-time survey engineer.  I've got a solid team I'm working with!

Also, really liking the new Pulse images!"
Spent way too much time working on the details of a report that do not contribute to the story.  Formatting, noting so someone can double check my work years from now, etc.
i love busy weeks!
"There needs to be better project and resource management. There needs to be constant communication and strategy (from the beginning) to help decide the best plan of attack. 

ALL managment should need to take a class on how to communicate effectively. The happier and more satisfied your employees are, the better work they will do and the better they will be able to persevere when ""shit hits the fan"". When there isnt the emphasised positivity coming from the people you work for, its really easy to be sucked into TOTAL negavity when things get frustrating. And its when you hit this level, that its almost impossible to see anything positively anymore - AND THAT IS WHY WE HAVE SO MANY PEPOLE LEAVING OUR TEAM. They have just been pushed too hard, and by the time its ready to make it better its usually too little, TOO LATE. 

Show your employees that you are putting them ahead of the client."
I am once more impressed with our teamwork, within our team and between teams (our getting junior helpf from other teams and giving senior help to other teams).  When we're busy, the point is to look for talent and help where it exists, not just within the boundaries of who happens to be assigned to a job.
Really enjoyed helping TIBU with the analysis for the "China Lite" wave.  Look forward to getting more exposure to the analysis component of the research process.
"Greed, for Lack of a Better Word, is Good
-gordon gekko"
seriously though - can we please get a new toaster in the 17 large kitchen?
meh
I'm brand new so my "work process" is a little different than everyone elses!
This team is awesome
I think the pictures each week cause a bias for me :)  It seems if I like the pics, I have a better week.
I started managing our summer intern this week, which was awesome! It's nice to have experience working on someone's schedule and overseeing the work process.
Still learning and growing so I am happy!!
Loved the happiness presentation this morning. Really inspiring and makes me feel proud to work here.
Since we've lowered our standards from hiring only "A's" does that really mean we have to focus on sociability/extrovertedness?  Yes, in the long run 7-10 years from now, this is what you want for AMs, but in the meantime these people will actually have to get work done.  I'd rather we prioritize skills, work ethic, and intelligence over how much people like/might like someone - or at least get more of a mix.  This is beginning to feel like a popularity contest around here.
slow days. need more to work on...
Can you please offer SPSS and Excel training courses for RAs and RMs? I have not seen any offered in the amount of time I have been working here and these would help greatly.
Loved the Yoga lunchbreak on Thursday!  Would love more of it!
This week was not too busy for me so I didn't have too much engaging work and work that will develop me individually. However, I understand that some weeks are not as busy as others. I am still very excited to receive more work and develop my market research skills in future weeks.
Really enjoyed the MUFFIN meeting.  The clear commitment to employee happiness is much appreciated.
The muffin meeting was really difficult to hear remotely.  It wasn't loud or clear enough and when people were chatting in the room they sounded louder than those on the microphone.  Maybe get a higher quality microphone for presenters?
Harry: Just when I thought you couldn't possibly be any dumber, you go and do something like this... and totally redeem yourself!
Hopefully this is already on your radar, but there have been discussions amongst some of the young (married) women in the company (at the RA/RM level) around how difficult it would be to have children while at LRW given the maternity leave/benefits/pay and the flexibility around the RA/RM position and working from home/part time/remote/etc.
Please try to include vegan friendly/dairy/lactose-free options at company events! There are some members of the company who can't indulge in croissants, donuts, yogurt, or other pastries. bagels are always a safe option to have available. thank you!
Dealt with a tragic loss on a personal side, so in terms of that, the week sucked.  But, my team was so understanding and flexible with my crazy schedule especially since there was A LOT to get through and I was covering tasks that were new to me.  Made it a great week from a work perspective.  Having fresh challenges at work, and being able to work through them, really got me through the week.  Thanks to an awesome MS team!!
way too busy!
Loved the yoga class offered this week! I would totally continue to go to it if we offer it. I left feeling very relaxed and stress-free.
RA/RMs need more vacation days!
When's the next LRW happy hour??!
I really liked office yoga, thanks! Please offer this as a regular activity in the future (possibly weekly!)
Hulk SMASH
I really appreciated Glenn taking me out to lunch this week in order to just check in since it has been almost 6 months since I joined the team.
I'm new so the ability to plan is difficult since I'm just doing the extra things people need right now.
"I think we need to make sure that our BU list is up to date as to who is on the team, in terms of the pulse survey response rates. It seems like everyone is taking it but numbers may look lower as people are included who no longer here. Just may want to double check the team lists for it.

ALso, it was good to do some work outside the BU as provides a different subject and report type to work on. We should try to allow RA/RMs to get more across BU exposure and maybe lend them out to BUs for some studies."
Parfaits were a GREAT addition to the Muffin Meeting. Please keep them coming!
"My bosses have been out of town, so I have had to step up and take a more active leadership role and I have been able to learn tons and get much more experience than I otherwise would have/have gotten the confidence to know I can do these things!

I also loved the yoga class this week! Keep 'em coming!

And I loved the parfaits at the muffin meeting! YUM - Great new choice!"
NA
4-day week!
It's so stressful when my workload is light, the helpdesk has nothing, and I struggle to meet billable hours. What am I supposed to do? There are only so many training classes you can take!
Long Live Billy Mays.
"We should get every Wednesday off.

Also, we need coffee cups on 15, the 12 ouncers."
Can we have LRW related nonprofit work or volunteering? For example, "reading with kids" is on weekends and really popular! I know 143 did Habitat together, but it'd be really cool if the entire company did too!
I was promoted to Field Manager!
Bert is better than Ernie and should not be on the "Totally Sucked" end of the scale.
My overall rating moved from "Pretty Cool" to "Totally Awesome" just because of the Burt and Ernie pictures!
Let's always have Wednesdays off!!
It would have been nice to have an extra day off for the 4th of July holiday.
There were resource issues, technology issues (SPSS) and an overall lack of planning and respect for people's time.
I love the work here. The only reason my week was not awesome is because I didn't have enough work this week. However,  I understand that there will be weeks that are not busy so it doesn't discourage me. Next week should be a busy week for me so I am excited.
Very much appreciate how our leaders Nancy and Stephanie are staying in close touch with all levels on resource management and hours management. Love the question asked without fail every week: does anyone think it is going to be a bad week? It is a constant reminder to utilize the team when the workload is heavy.
Vacation!!!
I'm working on a study where we truly had to work on the fly with the client at a rapid-fire pace.  I absolutely love the direct contact with the client & partnering directly with them vs. being stuck in the trenches for long periods of time without client contact (regardless of the amount of work associated with the project).
sdgasg
SPARTA!
One positive... WE got some more help!!!!!!!
"Random suggestions: bring your kid to work day! 
Really, really really wish we could wear flip flops to work :( :( :(
LRWU Situational Leadership class was AWESOME. it made me re-think what kind of ""follower"" I am with my manager and seriously start thinking about what my leadership style will be (and has been)."
The new Spiderman movie was awesome.
I don't understand how there are so many "senior"-level individuals here who are absolutely terrible at managing people.  Yet, we continue to let them manage people, even though we acknowledge that they're bad, and then throw Lisa on some sort of "training" initiative across SRMs/RDs/SRDs that will allegedly help cure the problem.  Leaders are not often made (rather, "born"... At least, the majority of the time, I think)... Let alone after 5/10/20 years at this company, when they've become comfortable in their (crappy) ways.  Thus, I don't see this problem ever really going away at LRW unless we actually STOP putting these bad managers in charge of others, and/or "cleaned house" a bit.  I'm a junior-level employee, on my third supervisor now, and all three have been extremely subpar people managers.  That's certainly just my biased and personal experience, but looking around the company, it's certainly not just my own problem.
Getting my first experiences with a lot of different processes on projects, feel like I've had good active learning experiences this week.
"I understand having a dress code. I understand sending periodic reminder e-mails if not everyone is dressing prefessionally.

I don't understand why we needed a long, snarky e-mail, or visual aids to help us understand what shorts are.

That e-mail really made it seem like the point of the dress code is pleasing Miley, not maintaining and projecting professionalism. Sandals for women are okay if they meet Miley's subjective criteria of being ""strappy and cute""? And men have to adjust their wardrobes because she is grossed out by male body hair?"
Learning more about Excel.  That is cool.
Weird week due to the symposium, but still able to plan resources effectively.
My Manger has consistently talked down to me and treated me like I am stupid since I started working here at LRW. No matter what I do it is wrong. Further my Manger refuses to be direct in speaking to me and will take any opportunity to tell me what I did/do wrong, but rarely ever takes the time to tell me what I do right. Also my Manger thinks that just because you put "LOL" or a smiley face in an IM or email that this gives them free license to say what they want. When what has been said and asked of me makes me feel uncomfortable because it does not relate in any way to my job.
My team really stepped it up this week to take on some 'stretch' tasks and rocked them.  Prevented me from having a crazy week.
You should add 126 Hartstone to the list of Groups
The work process would have been totally awesome if we weren't dependent on executing majority of deliverables.
We should promote 1/2 day Fridays.
we need projects to actually work on
"For LRW U, People giving the class should be responsible for connecting to the remote people.  Also, their contact info should be included in the live meeting invite.  That way if HR/Training forgets to include someone they wont be left out of the cold and will have someone to contact.  Also, include the extension of the room the class is being held in.  Also, please include the deck so that it can be printed ahead of time along with any other materials people are getting in the actual room.  

Remote people should have equal access to learning opportunities."
BUSY WEEK!
You're gonna need a bigger boat.
"I think we should start a shorts-okay-on-Friday policy for the Summer!  It's getting WAYYYYY HOT.  And especially for guys, who aren't really wearing skirts ever, we have no ability to ever get ANY relief from the heat of slacks or jeans.

Also, sidenote: Miley's dress code email was funny and all, but mildly offensive (especially if you're a hairy guy... I mean, if biology gives you a lot of body hair, that email just further makes people feel insecure about it...)."
"A thought -- what about doing something like a ""graphics slide or report of the quarter"" to highlight cool ways the graphics team is doing stuff with our data? I know each one of them has a really different style, but sometimes a client will comment on how cool a particular slide looks (or even another team will see our decks and think that). Not necessarily the ROQ and best story or pyramid, but just unique/intersting ways of showing data?

I think the 16th floor Kitchen fridge is TOO SMALL. I also wish we had tables/chairs so people could eat/hang out like they do on 15 and 17."
Why is the bad guy representing "Totally Awesome"?
Lot going on!
We had a server go down this week, which meant that work stops for tickets and I begin hard troubleshooting, which means that all my other work gets put aside... ah well, c'est la vie
how is it physically possible for the new water dispenser in the 17 large kitchen to be SLOWER than the last one??
This was the best week for me since starting a month and a half ago. I had a lot of work this week so I was able to learn a lot.
We need cups and stirrers for coffee in 15 kitchen. The little cups do not fit enough coffee and we have to use knives to stir if get any. seems like we run out of this stuff a lot, not really sure why since it should just be a recurring order. but always a hassle to go hunt down cups and then those are the wrong size.
Project manager allowed to bail for vacation twice, leaving the rest of the team (including me) to deal with a mess of a study on an impossible timeline.  Horrible situation and extremely painful process.
"Wouldn't it be ""totally suck"" for both the twilight dude and the twilight girl???

By putting twilight dude as ""totally awesome"" you are assuming that he was looking for an out in his relationship with twilight girl...

Or maybe he thinks everyone finding out that his gf cheated on him is ""totally awesome""

Or maybe this is from a third party's point of view in which this third party sees what happened to twilight girl as totally sucks, but is totally awesome that twilight dude will now be single.

Just saying."
This was my most enjoyable week since starting about two months ago.  I worked on a project from start to finish and it is getting towards the ending stages so it is very interesting to see how the survey development, program checking, tab checking, and pulling leads to the final analysis.  The internal and external pyramid meetings were fun to sit through
"Please stop choosing restaurants for dinner that do not have very many options within our allotted budget (like this Tuesdays dinner choice - Brooklyn pizza & pasta I think?). 

Also, YAY for leaving the air conditioning on after 6 last night! Keep it up!!!"
thank you for the air conditioning last night!!! After hours ac makes a difference
Please offer gluten free muffins at the muffin meeting.
For the muffin meetings, and any future company meetings where people are calling in, can we keep the speaker phone in front of the person talking or somewhere closer because it is really hard to hear anyone on the phone. thanks!
I loved Yoga on Thursday - I actually think it helped me focus and write my topline more efficiently.
I just started on Monday so things are all still very new to me, but I'm really enjoying everything so far! Hopefully I have a few more projects to work on in the upcoming weeks :)
week could have been better if projects didn't require too much support
all hail the future windshield.
Please tell the powers that be to find the $$ so we can have the equipment that the company needs!!! having old equipment fail is not a fun part of my work life!!!
This is my first week at LRW and I LOVE IT.
There was an issue with the network on Thursday and Friday which caused me to take twice as long to complete my work. And because of the network problems I lost some work that I had to do over.
LOTS to share about making sure remote offices are truly working and training their staff according to LRW processes and high standards.  So much to share, in fact, that it requires a full meeting rather than an open end :)
During muffin meetings, the orange juice should be at the other end of the table, so people pick up their cups after filling their plates.
I was surprised/disappointed with a recent SRM-RD promo on our BU. To my knowledge, almost every junior member of the BU considers this person a subpar manager. She has been condescending and rude to many team members (not to mention, rarely ever pitches in to do extra work), which should only get worse. Recently, she caused one of our two RAs (save for a new hire of last week) to transfer teams (not the ONLY reason, but the main one that caused an emotional reaction), and our other to look about an inch from quitting (at least from my impression, as this RA walks around miserable nowadays). If that happens, I blame this SRM-RD for driving out our entire RA support, leaving the project leads with (what will be) brand new RAs. To me, this looks like another example of LRW promoting someone after X # of years, despite not being a good manager. Thus, we get stuck with people up high who may be smart, but are awful at leading others.  I've never seen a promotion around the company I've disagreed with so strongly.
oddly, it's been slow!
I really enjoyed this week's So What lecture.
My SRM Kasia is in town. It was a good week.
"Really glad we had the RD leadership offsite and got to collectively focus on leadership and engagement in a practical way that we can implement.

(Ryan Lochte would have been a better photo example because then you could have had the photo with that weird mouth grill he wears)"
I've loved the so what? lecture series. Each one has deepened my knowledge of the different markets/spaces our clients operate in, and the challenges/opportunities they face. Definitely come away feeling like this is a nice investment LRW is making in my growth. Thanks!
Thank you Stephanie and Michelle for your assistance with resource planning every week, it has definitely helped alleviate extra hours and last minute scrambling.
I had an absolutely awesome time in immersion at the L.A office. It was really great meeting the rest of the team and understanding LRW in its wider context.
"I can't believe the word scrappy is part of the LRW opportunity Culture. Scrappy people are incredibly destructive to their surroundings, and argumentative for the sake of arguing, not for the sake of getting things done, or even done right.

scrap·py/ˈskrapē/
Adjective: 
1. Consisting of disorganized, untidy, or incomplete parts.
2. Determined, argumentative, or pugnacious.
Synonyms: 
fragmentary

Of all the definitions of the word, only one is positive, the rest are to be avoided at all costs, especially pugnacious."
I really enjoyed meeting members of my business unit that work in the LA office. It was nice to put a face with a name.  Also, immersion training was very valuable in helping me understand the different processes LRW follows on projects, among other things.
I keep hearing of the same problems/struggles/pain-points over and over from different people throughout the company. We need time/resources to address some of these issues and solve them once and for all. Otherwise, we're wasting a lot of time/money having the same conversations over and over in different departments.
"I really enjoyed the Lecture series today; he was a dynamic, engaging speaker who I'd love to speak with more!

Also, I'm getting frustrated with my computer - it's been taking a long time to load files or even new emails. It's supposedly a newer one, but it constantly freezes and prevents me from getting work done efficiently. I requested a new one, so hopefully something can be done!"
Please add 126 to the BU list, we are now a BU :)
The RD training session was great and it means a lot that LRW dedicates so much effort to helping us grow as leaders and managers instead of just trial by fire.
It'd be nice if the Seamless calendar on i2 was updated more frequently...
I love the idea of the LRW picnic, and I'm excited for it!  I wish we would continue even more social events for the company.  It is extremely beneficial in order to get us to love where we work (and who we work with, for that matter).
I like my weeks better without Immersion
I know this can't happen instantly, but the faster you get the SRMs laptops the better all of the above metrics will be.
"I recently decided to make a change in my position here at LRW, and it was one that involves fewer hours for me.  The impact it has had on my professional and personal life has been really amazing.  I have had more time lately to put more thought into the work I am doing, spend more time providing feedback to the people that report to me, and spend more time getting input from my superiors; all of which make me feel much more accomplished at the end of the week than I did before the change when I was cranking out 3 reports in one week (and of course, the impact on my family life has been amazing as well – I just feel like a better mother!).

Apart from that though, it has just renewed my excitement to work at LRW.  I feel very lucky to work for a company that supported my decision to actually work a little less but of course still pushes me to be the best at what I do, and provides me the resources to do so, during all of the hours that I am “on the clock”.

Thank you!"
I eagerly look forward to seeing who is 'that person" this year at the picnic. I'm bringing my camera just to take drunk photos and blackmail folks.
did i mention that Jason Brooks freekin ROCKS?
computers are really slow and makes working very inefficient and long. please fix this issue asap its been on going.
This week's scale photos are awesome!
"Can we have FLIP FLOP FRIDAYS?
I mean, casual fridays would be better (shorts/tshirts/whatever) but if not, at least flip flops??

And the air conditioning doesn't stay on past 6pm :( I thought it did but this week it did not.

Looking forward to the company picnic tomorrow. 

Heard some grumbling from non-LA offices around their IT and general support---not sure how this could get resolved, but felt bad about it..."
Could we get more money next budgetary year to be able to fix the things that we need to fix properly, and not have to purchase factory remanufactured items?
I like to request Flip Flops Fridays please!
10 days of vacation and 2 floating is not enough!
Can we institute Flip Flop Fridays? I'd love full-on casual Fridays (like "Short Summer Fridays") where we can wear shorts, but I'll take what I can get :)
Flip-flop Fridays?
Bring back Flip-Flop Fridays!
Long hard week - good for development and learning, in fact GREAT for development and learning opportunities - not exactly good for my sanity :)
Not quite sure how to answer these if I am out on vacation...still want to keep our BU's participation rates high, but no clear way to do that...  (mwalker)
Picnic was amazing!!!  More events like this!!
It's hard to give an overall picture to the week - It's great because I am learning so many new things and have so much new responsibility, but not so great because it's overwhelming and feels like it's hard to crawl out from underneath all of the work piling on!  It's sort of a catch 22! Next week will hopefully be more under control :)
while in general this has been an incredibly stressful week, and i anticipate many other stressful weeks to come over the next 2+ months, i am still grateful for my co-workers and the support i have been given.  we definitely do not have a great solution in place at the moment for the volume of work my dwindling team needs to handle, but the number of people who have re-prioritized their time to offer support to me and help take things off of my to do list, train new employees, etc. has made a huge difference.  without them, i would never have slept or ate.
Weekend update was bad this week. Usually look forward to it, but there was little content and it was boring.
"Week was good, but too many last minute requests created lack of orgnaization and a domino effect on timing, people staying late, etc.
Would have been better if planning was done isntead of piece mealing demand."
It seems like it would be better to front load the beginning of the year with the Case Study Training.  Then from August - December put a hold on them.
clients suck sometimes
I think the LRW picnic was a great morale boost with the fun activities and the chance to meet employees' friends/dogs/sig. others/kids.  Not to mention the great 143 showing in the obstacle course.
I still think RA/RMs don't get enough vacation time.
i almost said my week totally sucked because that McKayla Maroney is the HOTNESS!
Please put healthier options in the vending machines. Less candy and cookies.
The picnic was great!  We should really try to do more events like that.
The person I directly report to, Matthew Harkenrider, is truly extraordinary and makes every day here an incredible experience. I feel very lucky to be on Scott's team.
Please tell senior managers that we do not want to receive email blasts asking to watch their dog or move their furniture.
someone who sits near me keeps singing Katy Perry and its extremely annoying and distracting...
Crazy week, but fun!
Can we get some A/C pumping? Or some sort of air circulation? It's hot in here.
I got great support form outside of my team this week that I could not have done without.
F U ALL
didn't live Dave or Peggy's uses of the LRW mailing list for personal reasons...
"flip flop Fridays!

it would be nice to have a field person in the UK."
I feel overloaded in work and do not feel like our team has the support we need to get our jobs done.
The intern won't stop singing. It's so annoying and distracting, yet some people seem to be encouraging him. He just started doing it again as I write this sentence.
I love the variety of projects we get every week. It was fun to work on an international qual study and see how another culture feels about the importance of learning English.
i had already worked 69 hours by the end of the day thursday and thankfully got friday off (after a big data room was finally over), but only after basically begging for it. incredibly frustrated with how i was treated when i asked to have the day off - particularly for my boss saying "i feel sort of bad that we asked for another RD to help cover one of your projects this week and then you're going to take a day off."  there's so much more i could say about this experience, but it doesn't feel worth it.  just a terrible, terrible week (the third in a row) and i'm sick of pretending like it feels great and provides all kinds of opportunities because it doesn't.  it just makes my life completely suck.  haven't felt this way about working at lrw in a very long time.
F U ALL
I would really like to have a standing desk - it's so much healthier than sitting all day!
"Flip flop Fridays!

MUFFIN meeting without Jeff is a little lackluster"
"As a team, we should not promote team members to throw each other under the bus. 

Positivity leads to more positivity.

Negativity leads to more negativity. 

We need to promote the positivity."
Analysis Author = very cool.  Jeff's emails about contest = very entertaing. 150 leaders "legs" photo = awesome! Team spirit has definitely been strong in 150 thanks Steph and Nancy's tireless efforts on communication and team building.
Any chance we could break out the LRW Opportunity Culture into check boxes and add an option to give comments, rather than clicking a link and toggling back and forth?
I'd rather be busy, than not. Good week.
I think we should do another LRW happy hour (or drinking-related event) ASAP!  Perhaps for end-of-summer?  COME ONNN!
Bring parfaits back to the Muffin Meeting!
"Had some challenges getting some higher-level support on some issues, likely due to busy workloads and restricted schedules, which prevented my week from being better than 'OK'.

Also, having Sheen be the ""totally awesome"" face is totally awesome."
"Please don't ask me to submit my time card before the pay period is over. I don't always know by mid-day how late I'll need to stay, or which projects I'll need to spend time on.
To cause further aggravation, I've been working all pay period on projects that didn't get booked in Greenbook until last night and didn't get into FasTime until this afternoon."
ya know, I wouldn't say Charlie Sheen is my picture of a Totally Awesome week! But great job with Snooky!
Everyone on my team is great, we just need more team members. (i.e., while interns and temps are must-haves right this second, we really need RAs coming in who we can depend on).
I would love it if there was an event planned in Orange County. I know there are no where near as many people working in OC but maybe a one time event.
please hire with a quickness
no
"I never know how to answer the ""Did you experience the LRW Opportunity Culture"" question. It's so hard to answer...

I can't believe LRW doesn't pay while on Jury Duty. I honestly think some blue collar jobs do, but our professional, supposedly very awesome company to work for, does not!"
There was a cockroach in the women's bathroom on 16 one night... Gross!
Can we please get standing desks? Sitting this much is really not good for you!
"I am skeptical that there will be many opportunities to use the tool.  
This brings up a general issue: there are interesting things throughout the company (analyses, tools, subjects) that I believe I will never use in my current role or next few roles.  For example, the Pragmatic Brain Science Institute(tm) seems fascinating and completely separate from both my job and my department."
IPS team is too busy
Pretty slow week because many projects are in field, but things should pick up in the next week or so
major fail.
"I wish the ""2013 Budgeting Process"" was more transparent. It feels like a lot of things happen behind closed doors but you don't really hear about them until they're obviously done and done.

It would be REALLY NICE if we could SEARCH the LRW directories/P drives/websites more easily! I think you can do this with Google, but not sure how much it costs."
computers are really slow. make working very inefficient. need updates asap or we'll start loosing money.
Appreciate that Scott & Glenn stepped in quickly to rethink team structure as client requests continued to come in past expectations.
"Our M/W/F status meetings could be more efficient. It's difficult to cover so many projects in 30 minutes, the PMs running the meetings show up late, they don't pay much attention if it's not their turn to actually lead the meeting (in particular, Masha will sometimes do more to delay the meeting with random interruptions than actually move it forward).

The Seamless dinner calendar hasn't been updated for September yet. September is half over."
F U ALL
FUCK YOU ALL
F YOU ALL
Our department is repeatedly being committed to completely unreasonable timelines for complex projects by account managers and project teams.  Urgent "fast turnaround" analytics-intense projects are no longer the exception to our work flow, it has become the rule and the continued frequency of these occurences is likely to have a negative impact on our department.
Had a really horrible bid to do this week. Specs kept on changing but deadline wasn't extended. 18 countries, very hard to get respondent pool.
i wonder if greg schneider and mike kane are reading this.
Experienced client set backs on projects and IPS push-back on timing and budgets
It's great getting out of the office for some qual work and spending a lot of time with clients!
I love getting in a groove and reminding myself how good I am at my job! Because I am. Awesome.
I had a review this week. It is nice to know that the company cares about my development, but the fact that I did not reach my promotion goal makes me question whether I was given enough opportunities to master what is required to move up.
"I would really like a standing desk please - sitting all day is really starting to take a toll on my body. 

Additionally, we need a better way of finding the information/tools/documents that we need on our network. It's too difficult to find whether the info that I need is stored in a specific file on the network, on i2, on the Wiki or just in somebody's brain. It would be awesome to have something like ""Google for LRW."""
Thanks to Nancy and Stephanie for the leadership and planning around Q4 resources. We are getting lots of support and the communication as far as availability and needs have been outstanding.
Stressed out this week
Joanne R is an amazing talent.  She constantly thinks outside the box and inspires one to achieve greatness.
"Can we have Corporate Services stock TISSUES? Especially with cold/flu season coming up..

Sick time balances should be easily accessible- at the very least online or on pay stubs."
Really enjoyed the muffin meeting. Love those meetings when Jeff really takes us inside the company (or in today's case, inside the industry) and really shares what's going on/where we stand. Just like in the muffin meetings when we talk about financials, this one really helped provide broader perspective. As a junior employee, it's important to me that the company continues to share that kind of information. Makes me feel more valued, like more of a partner.
I really appreciated the Muffin meeting discussion about where LRW fits within the industry. I have also heard of issues lately that people experienced with employees brought in from other companies at the SRM level or above. They are not as familiar with our process and more set in their old company's ways. Perhaps it is best to provide more specific training so they get acquainted, as it is more challenging to manage someone when you are not managing them correctly.
O'Doyle rules!
I would really like a standing desk. Also, we need a more effective way of searching our network for the documents that we're looking for.
"Henry Ford demanded that parts suppliers send him parts in very specifically sized wooden boxes with very specifically placed holes and handles. These boxes were disassembled with care, without using crowbars, and the boxes were then used in the manufacturer of panels and floorboards for the Model T.
The wooden scraps that did remain were burned into charcoal and resold as Ford Charcoal, later becoming Kingsford Charcoal, a popular brand today."
Please provide a gluten free option during the muffin meeting.
I love that everyone goes out of their way to help on another :)
Going to be working a bit this weekend, but it's been fun getting back into some hardcore tabs and trying out our new tricks!
Good from the work side except for being sick.
Bulleted options for the LRW Opportunity Culture please.
No plain bagels, please :) no one eats them and they are always left as slim pickens at the end!
I'd like to share a beer.  Got one? :)
Salary is beginning to become an issue.
"My overall week opinion was biased by the Tupac's coolness. - That's just the way it is. 
If someone is East side - would they have gone to the other side?"
Can we please have the option of having a standing desk?
"Really appreciated Steve meeting with TIBU to do 360s--A lot of interesting things came up and I hope they lead to action.

NEW COPIERS YAY

While I'm not affected by this yet, LRW needs to come up with more options for flexibility because of the folks who are having children and want flexible options... work from home/part time/etc. HOWEVER, I think it needs to be done in a way that emphasizes options, flexibility, and willingness to make it work, because I think it's done in very underhand hush-hush ways, whereas in other companies KNOWN for their accommodations and flexibility, it's something touted and offered at interviews, posted on websites, shouted from rooftops, etc. BUT ON THE FLIP SIDE, I am hearing the struggles of folks who work with some of the ladies who are part time and how it can be hard so I think we need to come up with a way to make it ours (LRW style) -- so that we dont expect people to do the same kind/amount of work even though they're obviously in a very different stage."
When Arnold Schwarzenegger was told to upgrade to Windows 7, he said "No, I still love vista, baby"
Work can not be evenly distibuted if 1/2 the team isnt trained properly. It takes time to train people and we dont have the time. It also takes time to review and correct everything that isnt done properly.
We need better systems to set up this new PBS work - standards and info on what needs to be set up, how to review it.
new printers and copiers are great!
Are we looking at how the pictures might influence people's ratings?  I was very sub-consciously drawn to the nicer pool :)
Yay for another LRW happy hour later today!!!  BRING 'EM ON.  (...Seriously).
"I don't think our website looks very professional. We did it in-house for a number of reasons, but you can tell it wasn't done by a website developer/team. The content is great, but the design is lacking, in my opinion.

I understand the push behind social media (adding it to our signatures, etc) but it's a little much. I also think that social media growth should happen somewhat organically and it should be weaved into the culture authentically, which takes time."
Can we get another fridge on 17 in the small kitchen?
55 hour work week in 3 days just for the opportunity to take vacation? sucked. lrw standard? yes.
I have been told to pass off items at the end of my shift to my co-worker.  However, when I have asked him to do things, I end up doing them my self.  How can I pass on the work if this is what is going to happen?
Was sick. :(
Loved Lunch and Learn
My boss is in town from NY! WHOOO!
the wheels on the bus go round and round.
It's really hard to find files/tools on the network. We need like Google search for things like the "Weightenator."
I will miss Mike Kane.  LRW was incredibly foolish not to try everything they could to keep him around.
Awesome week for office fun between the Sales Contest happy hour last Friday, the 128 RPOY celebration dinner on Wednesday, and then the 15th floor giant sandwich picnic lunch.  The kind of our of the office fun things help boost cameradie within the team and across the company!
The SRM training was great!  I really appreciate the fact that the company seems to be investing in their employees.
"IPS is WAY OVER BOOKED and SO BUSY. They desperately need SEs and PMs-- they're SO BUSY!

All the pushes to share blog posts on our social media are annoying. Those are my PERSONAL sites and I'm cautious of what I share.

Field rebates are their problem--They should have managed better throughout the year. Our projects shouldn't suffer because of it.

Loaner laptops are so dated--everyone in the company should have one."
Stayed crazy late for a couple of nights this week, but glad I did to get things done and ready to client on time.
I didn't get an eyeball. Everyone else got an eyeball, but whoever passed out the Halloween invitations skipped me.
Q4 can fall heavily on new RAs.  It might be good to add a training/extended orientation/etc. to chat about do's and don'ts, tips and tricks, and so on.
The costume rating policy is a sham!
I would like to suggest that there is a company-wide vote for the Halloween contest and that the judging criteria be released
xx
Kudos to Rania for coordinating an enjoyable Halloween extravaganza!
I would like to see a couch or cot area, like how hospitals have for doctors on call.
see the Opportinity culture question.  I've been pulled in different directions by clients, but it seems more value-added than the QA work
Stock kleenex in the break room.  I'm sick!
It's getting pretty rough right now... Not going to lie.  Think I'll be okay, but I don't know about everyone else...
Resource management remains great, but lots of unexpected stuff this week made it tough to manage.
can we please get 8 project managers. thank you
I would like to change the Halloween costume contest to a company-wide vote.  I think this would be more inclusive, fun, and interactive than having one person decide the winners. I also think more categories would be cool, like "Funniest," "Scariest," "Most Creative," etc.  There don't even have to be any prizes!
The massage was awesome! I'm glad we brought her back!
Seamless was terrible. Two days in a row of unhealthy/gross Johnnie's pizza, followed Quizno's. It's hard enough that we're all being run ragged in Q4. If we have to stay late to get things done, please provide real food.
It was great to have massages in the office today! The masseuse was fantastic! Bring this back more often!
I know I am just an intern but I have valuable skills and knowledge that go beyond getting coffee, answering phones, papoing, etc... I ABSOLUTELY do not mind doing these things and actually enjoy some of them but in order to balance the easy, repetitive and mundane I would enjoy complex challenges and learning opportunities. I came to Lieberman because I share the same values as Lieberman such as making an impact :)
I didn't think that you really wanted to know this, but I was assured that you did. (I also know that you know who this is coming from another reason to be hesitant)  I have come to realize that the communication issue that affects my group is not limited to my group.  It is actually also in the upper eschelon.  I recently was in a SMM where the people who were presenting had no idea what was requested for the meeting and no idea that they could not just come in and plug in their computer and go.  So it causes me to wonder... If the upper eschelon cannot manage to effectively communicate between themselves (so each hand is on the same page), how can I expect my group to? There is work to be done here.  I think that if we are going to try to become a big fish in the market but still keep our small company ideals, and keep true to our mission, vision and values, we need to start inproving ourcommunication from the inside out and the Top down.  I think that if we can manage to do this then we will really fly.
i drink myself to sleep. nightly.
Never seen star wars....
x
Please: No more Quizno's. It stinks that the one night I have to stay late I can't have a real meal.
Team 148 = meh
I don't know how much longer I can do the job of (essentially) an RA, RM, and SRM, but get paid like every other RM at LRW, with no soon-approaching promotion on the horizon.  It is exhausting, and I am on the verge of burning out completely.  Some of this is self-inflicted, but much of it is due to terrible project management above me.
Is it true we should have been given time to vote? (aka, charge that time to admin?)
4th quarter - UGH.
Although it's been a very busy couple of weeks, I'm really enjoying the work.
GAPTASTIC!
Team 148 Intel team is meh. How is Julio Ortega a field director? Or maybe he just has a lack of respect for IPS/ISA?  Perhaps both.
Chili Thai needs to be taken off of the list of dinner places.  Their food quality offends me as a human being.
Please, NO MORE QUIZNOS for dinner. It's just as bad as Delphi Greek.
x
please hire more people to work on the IPS team
We should have showers/dressing room in the office.
"Quizno's is not a great Seamless dinner option :(

The Outlook issues REALLY sucked--but I understand it happens..."
It sorta upsets the RM's on TIBU that they are looking for a new SRM when it seems we have 4, very capable RM's, already on the team, each of whom is excited and ready to be promoted.
remove Chili Thai from Seamless and replace with another thai restaurant!
My week sucked because Chili Thai is a disgusting restaurant on SEAMLESS that we need to get rid of.
I swear I'm not straightlining these... it was just an OK week.
Please, please, please no more Quizno's at night on Seamless. It's just not dinner food. And we've had it 3 (or 4) times in the past two weeks. It's not pleasant to have to stay late and order dinner. But it's a lot worse when we don't even have the option of a proper dinner.
AMs need to take strong initiative of "managing" the clients.  It is called "account manager" manager for a reason, not "account salesperson".
remove chili thai from seamless! IF permissable.
Working on trackers is the antithesis of the Opportunity Culture because 1) All major decisions have been made already.  2) I am precluded from changing things - even if it's for the better - in order that things track effectively.    3) The process of working on a tracker takes up an enormous amount of time and does not develop a lot of new skills since it is a giant game of concentration - match this picture to the other picture.
Please get rid of Chili Thai from Seamless, and replace it with a different Thai food restaurant.  Chili Thai is totally disgusting and I have been here past 10pm almost every night for the past month, and have had to eat way too much sickening Chili Thai.
Some of my peers are protesting the frequency with which Quizno's appears as the Seamless option. As someone who experiences painful and embarassing digestive problems when she consumes gluten, I would like to request that in general, if the day's restaurant option has a wheat-heavy menu (i.e. only sandwhiches, only pizza/pasta) that a second restaurant option with more chances for salad/rice/corn be offered. Removing the bread from a Quizno's sandwhich doesn't leave you with much of a meal. Similarly, I might be able to order a salad from Quizno's but it is likely to be merely a bowl of shredded iceberg lettuce. The same request for more options applies to Muffin meetings and Friday bagels. I am tired of missing out on LRW's food perks because I don't want to spend my workdays in the bathroom.
"Please REMOVE Chili Thai from Seamless. 

Recommending Thai Fresh in its place.

Thanks!"
Quiznos is not dinner food and it's been happening a lot! It stinks to stay late as it is and when you have to eat Quiznos, it just doesnt make the night any better :)
It is mindboggling to me that remote employees accessing the server via RDP cannot print.  This causes incredible inefficiency and frustration.
Short week, though I'll be putting in the hours this weekend!
"i do not drink myself to sleep. i dont even drink during the work week. i do not cry on my way to work everyday. i just use this for my comic relief after what is typically an exhausting, but enjoyable week.

wootwoot!"
Thanksgiving weekend!!!!
Lois is terrible.  Seriously, her mass emails only illustrate how much of a miserable person she is.  Those need to stop.
Lower employment satisfaction scores this week are down to the sheer workload, and I didn't feel satisfied that I was able to deliver everything I intended to. I've felt it was one of my busiest weeks yet, and I'm very glad we'll be helped out by a new employee next week!
"Do we ever get to give 360 feedback on AM/GMs? Who conducts their reviews?

SO GLAD we're having a holiday party! Would have loved more notice, though...

It feels like we have a LOT of ROQ presentations and they're not always spectacular."
This is the worst time of the year.  Overworked and underappreciated.
my boss is awesome!
Love the parfaits at the Muffin Meeting. Appreciate the healthier option. Please keep them coming :)
"the london office is batshit crazy to think they can get a 40-page qre programmed in 48 hours with very complex brand assignments. and then have the audacity to question our programming skills, make up false numbers like 'It takes 4 minutes per survey page to program, so this should take 3-4 hours', and then have the cohones to tell us we screwed them over with excel author (when it's their own project team blatantly deleting files that we told them not to touch). 

That said, they (and every project team) should be thanking us that (once again) we stopped another team from doing stupid research with little- to no-understanding of the analysis. Our push-back on certain items saved a day in programming, and at least a day in tabs.  

The quality of work we see during programmer briefings is scary. 

Specific attention needs to be paid to the IPS-London relationship, as the time difference, lack of training, etc. needs a tailored action plan.

Mark Hartstone talks way too much. and i mean WAYYYYY too much."
"GREAT so what lecture!
Appreciate Ginny's email about housekeeping -- reply alls are NOT cool.
Glad we're having a holiday party!"
Preparing for meetings took up a lot of time this week and added minimal value.  I had to get my pre-meeting documents reviewed three times before the meeting.  And these documents were not final docs, but simple outlines of what we hoped to discuss in the meeting.  6 hours spent on a 1 hour task.
People need to stop sending dumb company widde emails or replying all to company wide emails. They are annoying.
Work/life balance is not a super crazy workload, but the project teams that don't do a good job (planning/communicating) and make things worse for others involved.
"SoWhat Lecture series is great!!
Please keep them coming, I can't express how much I enjoy them :)"
Had a rough week but my team totally supported me work wise and personally.  I couldn't ask for a better group of people to be around.  This is why i love to work at LRW!
I felt this week was excellent for building upon the relationship between each team member.
Meh.
"The 148 team-event was great! 
We rarely have team bonding events and this was a great change.  I really enjoyed it, and hopefully we will be doing similar events in the future"
Please consider adding a second microwave to 16th floor...
lrw is a great place to work! its my first week and i love it! wish i applied sooner!
Excited for the holiday party!
Onboarding new employees is really exciting, but SUPER time consuming.
Awesome company.
It's hard to submit a time sheet when job numbers haven't been created for all of the jobs I've worked on.
Light week for a change.  I can dig it.
Glad tracking is a big part of the company's growth, but sometimes changes defeat the point of tracking...
A little too busy
i love this survey!  thanks for showing you care about Esat.
its scary when RAs, RMs and others say "i'm new to this weighting stuff... what do we do? can you just weight the data for us?"
The Seamless dinner calendar on i2 is several weeks out of date.
LRW should be closed the week in between Christmas & New Year's... like pretty much all of our clients are.  Work/life balance.  It's the holidays.
too much work
Having a great time!
3 day work week!
It would be amazing if we could get more Everything Bagels on Friday. Currently they send over 3, max. A large number of people who would be thrilled beyond description to come in one Friday and find Everything Bagel a plenty. Sometimes it's the little things. :)
More everything bagels! Less pumpernickle! Chocolate chip every now and then?  How about some more fun cream cheese flavors (I noticed them on the bagel nosh website menu :) )
Please get a whole box of everything bagels on Fridays - I ran into and continue to run into people every week who love everything bagels, yet there are usually 3 in the whole bunch and toady there were none :)
More everything bagels, please!
im enjoying the 3 day work week!
"TCJ goal of 8hrs/day seems unrealistic for an SRM. 

Appreciated the time off!"
Can we have a dishrack in the kitchens?
Weird week; lots of transitions happening.  I feel kind of in limbo.
Love the 3-day work weeks!
more everything bagels!
On vacation for most of the week...
More fruit, less bagels and muffins.
we should have 3 day weeks all the time
Post NYE week.
This is for our new department - 125!! Thank you :)
Our offsite was so much fun!
More Everything Bagels!!!
Lots of work, but engaging.
I love developing/managing people but TCJ goals should reflect that.
Bring back the nice roller-ball pens, please!
Better pictures... a toilet with a monitor on it is pretty awesome to be honest.
Really just a disenheartening week, but things change.
"Thanks for throwing in a few more everything bagels! :) Great to see movement on the little things that make the whole a lot brighter. A few people commented on there being a few more this morning. 
Keep em coming!"
I appreciate all of the LRW content
I am excited to soon, hopefully, be going to the next level professionally. I feel very stimulated where I am now, while also feeling like I am a good asset to the company with the (ongoing)development of our Web Analytics offereings, and contributions to the PBS team. To some extent I do feel as though some are not aware of my very strong background in Psychology and research therein; it's the one area where I feel LRW hasn't recognized (or potentially utilized) a unique set of skills/knowledge that I have to offer.
Could we possible add Seamless GROUP DELIVERY options for LUNCH? Not charged to a job, but people pay on their own? A lot of restaurants have delivery minimums so you can't order by yourself, but if there was an open option for people to submit lunch orders and then if there isn't enough for delivery we let them know and it gets cancelled? I think people would be open to it.
More plain bagels.
Poor client management on behalf of project leads has caused consistent long hours and frustration for me (project is outside 128 in this case).
Russia!
"It was great to have Marilyn in the office briefly this week
Also enjoyed our 148 2013-Kickoff Meeting and discussion"
Our whole team is working a lot of OT and even Double time. We really need more RA/Intern help. I worry with everyone getting over worked that the quality is decreasing.
Hope moving goes smoothly!
The picture at the end of this survey is broken.
We should buy some tablets, so people can stop begging the entire company whenever they need a tablet for something.
Are the restaurants for Seamless the same for days of the week? It seems like I'm here a lot on Wednesdays and it's always Cilantro Fusion. Could we mix up the restaurants a bit so people who are typically here late on the same days of the week every week don't get stuck with the same restaurant?
ok, once again, I know that you know who this is.  So here is my query.  How does one who sees some issues in the department nroach that with the suprervisor without it looking like they are reporting on someone else?  Say you see where there are some training opportunities, in dsay whatever, like time management, or responsibility management or something like that, you know something that is totally a training opportunity.  How do you broach that with your supervisor who might not be there to see it?
Enjoyed the Muffin Meeting - I really like that LRW is very forward with all information. It makes me feel invested in the company. More knowledge is always good. Thanks!
"I really enjoyed our team off-site this week! It was a productive and thoughtful meeting; I feel very prepared to move forward working as a team.

On another note, I'd love to get Keurig machines in the kitchens rather than the coffeemakers. K cups seem cleaner, faster and more professional. I would feel uncomfortable and unprofessional getting a client a cup of coffee from a pot that has sat there all morning. I'd be happy to contribute K-cups or even bring my own to use if we made this switch."
90 minutes in a folding chair in a crowded Muffin room is 45 minutes too many.
"I HATE CILANTRO FUSION (RESTAURANT)

Why don't we have a corporate airport self-parking option? Like ""corporate discount""? 

The ""LRW Opportunity Culture"" question in the Pulse is really hard to answer.

NOT ENOUGH SPACE IN MUFFIN MEETING

While hearing about the 2013 plan was cool, the emphais on Labor Not Charged in MUFFIN is really... hard to digest/somewhat in-the-weeds/pinching-pennies feeling :("
Enjoying myself here.
"We are all burnt out and need a real break. We need more trained and experienced people so that we dont constantly have fires that need putting out. 

The more people that leave the team, the harder it makes it for the rest of us. Focus on keeping people. The idea that ras and rms are easily replaceable is not true, and senior managment needs to stop saying that. 

The culture of our team seems to be throw you in, sink or swim. For those who sink, the rest of us have to pick up the slack. For those who swim, we are all burnt out. Its hard to stay positive when you never get a break. This leads to more people leaving, and the cycle we have been seeing over the last couple years continuing. 

Work life balance is a myth. Just telling us to have work life balance and counting hours doesnt work. New plan please."
I'm happy with my bonus, but given that the amount was discretionary, I would really have appreciated if in the letter there was a personalized component highlighting what I specifically have done that helped you determine that this was the amount I deserved.  Or if a 10 minute meeting with by AGM/GM was conducted along side of it so they could verbally tell me.  While I don't want to compare my amount to others in my position, it would be great to know what I could have done to earn more or what it was that I've done to deserve what I got.
Money/salary is becoming an important issue, unfortunately/
order more bagels!!!  There are not enough to go around and it makes people sad.  The ROI on a bagel in huge in the form of friday joy
Bonuses!
Josh deserved the Outstanding Achievement Award more than anyone and I'm glad he got it.  Jeremy may have made a great contribution with PBS, but he is a GM and can afford to go to Hawaii.
The 16th kitchen could really use a second microwave...
Add Yohana Sushi to seamless and get rid of Cilantro please.
"Thanks for more everything bagels. Keep em coming!

Would love it if we could get an extra microwave in the large kitchen on 16."
I used Reporter to look up counts for a certain quota group over several tracking waves.
Nancy and Stephanie - great town hall meeting today: perfect timing around the Muffin Meeting. Great disscussion about the year to come and what we can do to achieve our goals.
Enjoyed the Muffin mtg, will definitely start attending them on a regular basis.
I am not one to complain usually, but I am tired of doing things inefficiently just for a client. And since we had our Muffin, I know this is important. I know we 'do whatever it takes' and you have to walk a fine line when it comes to clients, but with certain clients, the way we tip-toe around this fine line is ridiculous, especially when it affects us at the bottom. We have voiced our opinions and concerns about this particular process for the project, but leadership cannot seem to even ask the client if we can try this better, new, more efficient way that would improve effieciency and more importantly, quality. But it is a little disheartening when we are stuck basically receiving the consequences for the lack of ledership. It just sucks when you say something, and it gets shot down just because of a client. The people who have control aren't really feeling the consequences now, but they may down the line when all of this unnecessary work potentially affects their budget and quality of the final product.
When are they going to stop giving the annual achievement award to VP level employees?  Yes, Jeremy had a great year, but he's already received tons of company-wide recognition including a promotion.  Josh's win on the other hand was totally well deserved and motivational.
"Great training and meeting with our comrades, but exhaustion and illness setting in after 2 weeks of erratic waking hours.

So tough it is to get actual work done from here, between poor internet and a self-destructing laptop."
The refrigerator on 16 is almost instantly FULL after each time it is cleaned out!  Can we implement some sort of system to ensure people clean their own stuff out more often or can we have an extra refrigerator on this floor? Not sure if that would just lead to more crap being stored or how we can solve this problem because I really don't understand how people just leave stuff in there! It's annoying!!!!!
Does the reporter question take into account that not all studies use reporter? Or will the results get factored down to some extent with the proportion of studies that use reporter?
The microwave on the 16th floor is super slow! Often times we get a line around lunch time because lunches can take 2 or 3 reheating cycles to get warm. Could we get a new one?? :)
It's time to revamp the 16th floor kitchen! To match the other floors, we need another fridge, microwave and how about some better plates so that you don't have to use 4 at once? And paper bowls?
Please re-open access to the small fridge on 16 and provide an additional microwave in the kitchen on 16.
GREAT JOB to Corporate Services!!!
can we get another fridge on 16?
"It would be great to have another fridge and microwave on the 16th floor. There often seems to be limited space in the kitchen, and it would be nice to have another storage place!

Also, it would be nice to have reusable silverware, bowls and plates. We could use those instead of wasting flimsy paper plates. With the dishwasher, it would be nice to save a few trees :)

I'd also like to see a Keurig machine added to the kitchens."
"I'm writing to request another fridge and microwave on 16.

I noticed when I moved to the 16th floor that we have fewer kitchen appliances to use than either 15 or 17 (I have sat on all three floors now). 15 has 2 full fridges and 17 has a full fridge and a mini-fridge while we on 16 only have the use of 1 full fridge for the entire floor since the mini-fridge near Fishbowl is locked. The microwave situation is similar to that of the fridge as well.

Many others feel the same way that I do, probably even more so since I am very new to this floor and already noticed the discrepancies in appliances. If there is ANY way we could at least get some more fridge space it would be very much appreciated. Thank you."
Could we please get a larger refrigerator, a second microwave, and a toaster that doesn't take 10 minutes to toast a bagel?  16th floor kitchen needs some help.
Thank you for the 184 fun day!
Revamp 16 large kitchen! Paper products, appliances
I love that this environment is so busy and thriving.
Forcing us to use My soapbox reminds me of forcing us to use ISA... not the best for the research or the teams, but for $$$.
Can we get the drawers in the fridge replaced and a second microwave for the 16h floor kitchen?
Could we please have an extra microwave and perhaps an extra toaster on 16?  Also, a bigger fridge without broken shelves would be great.
I enjoyed the opportunity to help other business units with project work this week
Was a great week because I was able to leave by 6 or 6:30 every day!
"The cost estimate worksheets are almost done. they'll be sweet.

TIBU's way of running projects is stupid scary. Nothing quite like 4 hours of programmer briefings, only getting through two-thirds of a questionnaire, and no one who came to the programmer briefing has even read the entire q're (although they're project leads?). Insanity."
"Please NO MORE Cilantro Fusion in Seamless!
The Employee Vision question in the pulse is hard to answer..."
Would love it if we could get those jagged fridge drawers replaced. Seen a few people scrape themselves up pretty bad on those. A second microwave in the kitchen on 16 would be nice as well.
I ended up in the emergency room this week, so that's the reason for my not great week.  Most of my week was spent in bed.
Please update the seamless orders by adding new restaurants. I suggest taking off Cilantro.
I wish Reporter worked faster!  It's a drag waiting and re-booting when it crashes.
I only worked less than 40 hours this week due to illness
I am worried about the direction my career is headed at LRW and how stable my job is, but enjoy it.
All I want in the world is some bagel options by 10am.  Just buy 300 bagels and if there are left overs people will eat them and love them on monday.
chicago office is awesome!
"Why wasn't there a generic open-end in the ESAT?
We have so many issues with IPS and it crashing our systems."
i was sick one day this week.  boo.
"IPS is over worked and under staffed. 

LRW as a whole is not as technologically advanced as it really thinks it is, and it over-promises on our capabilities and even though we eventually do deliver, it is a HUGE headache in the process. 

Our Nike study caused the ENTIRE LRW survey to crash today. Not fun."
I traveled for qual work this week and am now in the Chicago office, which is an awesome place!! It's great to see our colleauges across the country and build the LRW rapport across offices :)
Everybody in my BU was so great with helping me out during my first week.  They pretty much rock.
I've noted this before but will do so again... The amount of time and effort that it takes to do one's job well at LRW is a point of ongoing concern for me. We recognize a 45 to 50 hour work week as standard but, to my personal experience, and from what I observe for some others, 55 to 60 hours is likely more typical. Most people will eventually burn out trying to sustain that pace indefinitely. Further, it's our best people who can most readily create opportunities to go elsewhere if they should decide they want to do so. I do worry some about that. However, all that said, to my considerable experience LRW is still pretty much the best company to work at in the marketing research industry.
"Terrible week - lots of unexpected things loaded onto my plate with no proper breifing.  Not enough capable leads on my team. What a mess.

I can't wait for this week to be over."
"Immersion was an incredible learning experience.  The courses provided an excellent overview of what to expect from working in the market research industry, as well as working specifically for LRW, specifically.

Questionnaire Development, Weighting, and Qualitative Research were my favorite topics of discussion during Immersion.  The presenters were obviously smart, but they communicated the information in a very digestible way for us newbies.  Steve Spencer's Pyramid Meeting and case study exercise was fun and interactive. Working through a study was a great way to learn, and it gave us insight into what the Pyramid Meeting is, and how we can contribute to it.

One suggestion for improvement: The BRM, Alert, and Issues workshops could be condensed into one high-level presentation.  I've learned best from attending these meetings first hand, and informally asking my boss/co-workers about them.  A handout and presentation are helpful, but they could be more top-level as the information went 'over my head.'"
Did I mention before that Disneyland was awesome? Stephanie and Nancy rock!
It seems that the 1 month to perhaps 2 month mark is appropriate for people to go through the immersion process.  Any more than that and much of the material (at least on an individual level) is redundant, but any less and it is difficult for people to fit it into a cohesive picture due to lack of being able to make relevant associations to their own experiences.
Why does Masha even come to Tues/Thurs resourcing meetings? Tuesday, she was 15 minutes late, brought no notes or materials with her, and acted surprised by which projects she was supposed to be managing. She spends as much time laughing or making pointless interruptions as she does actually participating in the conversations that need to happen during these meetings.
It's been a long week, not because of LRW though.
I'm convinced that Maria Quintero spends approximately 90% of her day complaining and could actually get things done if she stopped talking about doing things and actually just did them.
launch week so understandably heavy work load
Self reviews are really long and I hate them
I just love the culture here and how friendly and personable people are, even upper managment. I was at the farmers market sitting down on the pavement waiting for people to get their lunches when Stephanie F came by and sat next to me. It was such a pleasant surprise to see that she sat on the floor with me and asked me how I was! Complete 180 from where I previously worked.
I'd recommend we require certain individuals to enroll in a "How to properly communicate via email" training session.  Not to mention names (Stephanie Friedman, Nicole Swirsky, Ginny Yadegar, and Peggy Einnehmer), but certain individuals frequently send unfriendly, curt emails.
Please bring back the Rye bagels!!!
more bagels
My computer is horrible.  There are times during the day that I can't get my work done because it is too slow.  And when I'm working with focus group videos or large data files, just opening them leaves my computer useless for about 30 minutes at a time.  IT has tried everything they can but aside from a complete wipe of my computer or completely new hardware, it doesn't seem like my problem is going to be fixed.
The vending machine company sucks! They are called Aliigator vending. Their machines always break and take my money. I am not the only one who feels this way. Also when I spoke to them about their machines taking my money they said it was impossible and they were very rude about it. GET RID OF THEM PLEASE!!!!!!!!! I hagve had issues with their machines on all 3 floors.
"The Employee Vision question in this Pulse is really hard to answer.

Based on seeing a lot of other websites, I feel like ours is actually unprofessional and not very welldesigned."
The more happy hours, the better!
i hate to complain but i wish there was some dinner option for OC. often times ive had to stay late and live on crackers until an obscure hour. ive actually lost some weight starting this job.
"I have a suggestion, would it be possible to have IT update the permissions on our computers to allow for windows updates to occur?  Currenty, everytime I boot up my computer I have to close out of several windows requesting mircosoft updates.  I then have to bug IT and give up computer control as they get the updates installed. 

I think it would be a better use of ITs time and my time to just have the ability for Windows to either automtically update or at least grant users the ability to do the routine updates on their own. 

Thanks!"
Bring back the rye bagels!!!
I had my review this week, and it went very well. I finally feel more connected to my team and am really happy with the direction we are going. It is so crucial to have feedback and open conversations about expectations. I hope that this continues informally and formally in the future.
Need a way to fill this out if you are part time. Would be better to have some kind of "expected hour" vs. "hours worked"
Come on greg, you can do better than that with the pictures
i learned a lot this week but im exhausted
March Madness makes everything better.
"It's been a very slow week on our team; we've all been trying to stay busy by helping others, but it's been a little boring overall. It's a nice break, but I hope we get studies soon!

I thoroughly enjoyed the So What Lecture Series on Tuesday; those talks are quite insightful. I would love to hear from women speakers as well in the future; I think it'd be nice to see that there are females among the senior corporate crowd and hear their success/so what stories."
Sick a lot of the week. Not much to enjoy in being meh..
SoWhat lectures are great!
It'd be nice to be able to take LRW training courses without worrying about the negative impact on my TCJ goals.
"This week ""sucked"" due to specific circumstances - the project/business problem is challenging, which caused the report to be particularly difficult. It was a challenge for us to get aligned on what the report should look like. In turn, we ended up re-doing the report many times which was time consuming and emotionally draining. I hope it was a one-off situation. Redoing a report many times feels very frustrating. 

Ultimately, the leader of the team pulled through, got more involved at a lower level then probably typical, and provided clear direction. It just took a while and a painful process to get there."
Please bring back the rye bagels
I really fucking appreciate how fucking awesome and supportive Kim and Peggy have been, and I fucking love my team!
I thought e-learning "Marketing Essentials: Product and Price" was not especially inspiring or too informative. I did learn a couple of things, but I felt in the end they were small nuances, like... vocab terms
Crazy week with lots of surprises and challenges on a qual project. We worked some long days but ultimately pulled off some work that I am proud of.
Have we considered moving the pulse to Mondays?
I completed a couple of e-learning courses this week (I told you, I had a lot of downtime). Though I still learned, I didn't learn very much at all and got little to no value out of the 4 hours I spent on the e-learning courses. Perhaps I should have chosen better subject matter. I'm a little turned off from taking any more e-learning for a while. I did hear about Reporter tutorials on i2. I am excited about those because I would really be learning something new. Also, Michael Larner does a really great job on the Intro to Excel course. I'd be excited to learn from him any time!
there was a time when the Nike BSM tracker was stupid-scary. The new Target tracker makes Nike look like a basic home-video study. And that scares the hell out of me.
"About the reporter question, 
We don't really use reporter becauase we use a lot of SPSS for ad hoc analyses."
Please bring back the rye bagels :)
Tough week! but fighting on!
Farewell and thank you!
Busy, busy week.  But striking a nice balance between management and neat code stuff.
One person resigned this week and another is likely to go soon.  Things are not well on this team.
helping out another team - not 143
I learned so many new things this week! It was fantastic! - And was challenged pretty much all day everyday! YAY
"Though I had fun at the company happy hour, I'm having to give a low rating this week.
Regardless of how engaging my work is, if I have to work until 9pm I'm going to have a crappy week.  work/life balance trumps.
I will say, I did appreciate a very honest conversation in our business unit about the E-SAT results and am looking forward to making improvements that translate into higher overall satisfaction."
This is Dan, the 2's are mine.  Just felt you should know in case I'm the outlier and not the true pulse of the team.
Rye bagels. Please bring them back.
Lots of intiative and teamwork on Practice Development study
Go Bulls!
Got more work this week to improve my skills and development.
Fuck Yea 143!!!!
IPS needs to learn how to resource better and treat business units as if we are their clients, not their co-workers.  Meaning, they need to 'do whatever it takes' to get programs and tables done on the agreed upon timelines.  We pay them money to program and process data, therefore they should treat us as we treat our clients.  Getting shit done on time.  How often are we as a company missing deadlines for our clients?
"Please bring back the rye bagels :)

I took the IPS 2 class the other day. We were supposed to learn about, among other things, what is/how to use the Analysis Author tool. Analysis Author never came up. Until the last 2 slides (5-10 minutes), the class did not touch on anything we can actually use or apply to our jobs. I understand that survey engineers might be interested in some of these theoretical concepts, and I understand why IPS is proud of the awesome tools it has created. But, if they're going to have a training for project staff, it should be related to what we do as project staff. And if it's not going to be, they should make that clear beforehand, rather than telling us it's the second step in understanding how to use IPS. I think they need to be a little more mindful of our time and how busy we are. 

I'll be sure to bring up this idea when my team discusses LRW-U improvements: I think we should rate these classes immediately after we take them."
Great having an awesome teammate back in action: Carrie Vick!  Nice being able to collaborate with her and Jia.  We get things done!
"Hoping LRW will make video footage of the Symposium available!
I would be extremely interested to hear what we have to say to our clients as well as their reactions. I know many of my colleagues would as well.

Also, there were some training events this week that I was unable to attend due to a busy schedule :(
Sometimes, nothing you can do about that but... 
If [SOME] of these training courses were offered to the entire business unit as a whole, i think it would boost attendance as well as participation during the session. Just a thought I had regarding a few specific training sessions."
We had an RA/RM forum this week with our GM.  It's always a great opportunity to regroup on how things are going, and gain perspective from our BU leader.  I think every GM should have this kind of quarterly group check-in with their team.
Impressed with IT dept. Good job
i like that nancy came down to oc to hang out with us. that was pretty cool
What does a guy have to do to get a new toaster in the 17 large kitchen? No, I'm seriously asking... what do I have to do? I'm close to buying a new one myself.
network virus killed Thursday's work day!
This is my last week! Thanks for everything!
"I know the symposium went well... I've read all the emails. But how about sharing some video footage of some of the talks/lectures/presentations?? I know plenty of people would LOVE to feel like they knew what actually happened.
Plus, i'm sure our clients would like to share that footage with their coworkers..."
Got promoted, so thats cool
I was sick this week, which made it more difficult to be present and cheerful, but overall this week was ok.
I feel that there is a rather large gap within the hierarchy of the business unit. Likely due to the youth of the BU, it is still felt rather keenly in various circumstances.  The support of those at the same position as I was tremendous, however, and helped alleviate some of the stress of the stretch to "cover" those gaps.
rye bagels on fridays please :)
It is difficult to submit a timecard on time if active jobs booked in Greenbook take a week to be added to FasTime.
Everything I do is micromanaged.  I cant even update a project team about timing.  I have to first tell my project manager and then my project manager must tell the project team.  We were trained to update teams about timing and I worked very hard about this aspect of my job.  Always trying to make accurate ETA's.  Now my manager asks me hours after I would normally send an update.  Then communicates it to the project team.
As has been the case for the past few weeks, this week has been by equal measures challenging, rewarding and interesting!
I don't think many people my age can say that they enjoy coming to work every day.  But I can.
"Case Studies are great! 
Always glad to do those, hopefully we have many more similar opportunities!"
"Today is my last day at LRW! Thanks so much! I'm off to Grad School. 

Kristine"
dddddddd
I really wanted to click totally sucked because that picture is so funny.
No, but thanks for asking. Yourself?
I visited the LA office this Tuesday and I love everyone in the LA office. You guys ROCK!
I was able to present a report to clients in-person. Loved it.
"There are a lot of people who are not trained, and it is bringing down overall efficiency which is frustrating. 

There are managers (SRM) who are not pulling their weight on BES, and it is hurting the whole team. 

Working with IPS is frustrating. I don't understand how it is okay for them just to tell them for you to do it yourself and to stop working before it is done. We are pulling long hours checking their files as well, but there is no recgonition there."
Why do we have to use reporter?  I like to just build stuff in Survey Results and then pull down an SPSS at the end.
rye bagels. please.
Kind of a blah week. Nothing particularly exciting. Extra work crept up on me at the end of the week which is never that great, but oh well.
"I'm sure that the symposium sessions will be very interesting. I am still unlikely to come to work an hour and a half early to attend them.

It is difficult to submit a timecard on time if my PMs haven't booked all of the active jobs by the end of the pay period, or if accounting hasn't added week-old jobs to FasTime."
Really just not a good week in any possible way.   Looking forward to working this weekend too!
I've really enjoyed these last couple of weeks, and am feeling confident in my responsibilities.
I think we'd benefit from building in a post mortem for projects as part of how to end a project rather than doing them for problem projects because I'm not sure how to share some of the challenges / learnings from a study with other people in the team or the AMs.
Worked on Hispanic initiative (special project) and presented to Jeff.  Very energizing and exciting opportunity.
rye bagels, please
Fruit and bagel Fridays
Group lunch with 148 & TIBU went well, it was nice to meet the new faces - I would enjoy more cross-BU activities like that
I was sick this week and took 2 days off... worst decision ever. I missed my LRW team!
148 game-night was great!
Loving the symposium sessions
Recycling bins in every kitchen please.
Nancy - the RM forums are awesome, and it seems like good stuff comes out of all of the forums for the various levels. These meetings are always a good discussion. You gave great insight about roles, and how staff is assigned for projects. Also encouraged us to take an active role by utilizing (or develop, for trackers) the staff estimator tool. the meeting was so helpful.
I'm not staffed on enough jobs right now so I'm bored.
Joan's email whining about the Symposium lecture attendance was embarrassing.  She irks me.
"I was excited by the chance to learn what all the Symposium buzz was about. However, this week's Employee Symposium could have been handled better.
- Presenting it as a ""gift"" seemed condescending: Putting 4 early sessions in one week with the stipulation that the time was not billable seemed more like a punishment. There is still confusion about whether the time was indeed billable to Admin (but not the Symposium) or not billable at all. 
- The tone of Joan's email which complained about poor attendance was insulting and reminiscent of the passive aggressive emails I receive from my own mother. I did not appreciate the implication that employees who stay late for work and do not come in early the next day for an extra hour of unbillable time are ungrateful. If the option to stream or watch later exists, you have to expect lower attendance. Perhaps if the event had been better explained up front, people would've been more excited about attending."
Love the training sessions on PBS - they are great!
"Our projects are too slow right now.  I have been pulling/PAPOing, copying, adjusting data labels, etc. on other peoples' projects for about 3 weeks now because I don't have any of my own projects to work on.  It's mindless and boring and requires no skill.  There is little mental stimulation.

It makes it really hard to plan my days/weeks because I am scrounging every day looking for work, and then I get in trouble for charging time to admin because there's no project work to do."
rye bagels please :)
Was pretty disappointed in the handling of the internal symposium. If this is the key content we're supposed to be leaders in, delivering so what? on new techniques/tools, it should be worth making time for during the prime hours of the  work-day, and something that should be billable as training. Relegating it to the margins of the workday and classifying it as unbillable sends the message that the leadership team does not view this content as a priority for me to be looped in on -- only if it fits-in. I would hope this kind of stuff is made a big-deal about around here. It should be a big event, something we can all kind of rally around and feel proud to be a part of. Did we need a movie theater to communicate our new Opportunity Culture? Of course not, but it sent a message that our leadership cares about this topic, and we should too. If I had to think of a way to design a meeting in a minimalist way that I wanted poor attendance for -- this series would be my model.
The team AGM was proactive about managing my workload, and identified a project another member of the team could take over for me.
I enjoyed attending the symposium sessions this week very much; however I heard a lot of negative sentiment about the way they were presented as a "prize" as well as the time of day they were held. I found them to be interesting and informative and feel this is information we should definitely know of in order to sell/incorporate these tools into our studies. Information like this is essential to share in an organization like ours, and prizes should be extraneous items, like HH or raffles, rather than integral knowledge sharing sessions, which we should be requiring our employees to participate in.
It's a good change of pace to get out of the office and "into the field" for the week to challenge my thinking, be with clients for a few days straight, especially in other countries where we might not do research frequently.
ROUGH week!
VACATION!!!!
My parking pass has been revoked. :(
We are too slow right now... :(
Client driven misery.  Nothing like spending a lot of time to make sure they get the bad results they insist on.
Please fix the water cooler in the 17 large kitchen. It seems clogged!
I put a ton of time and effort into a presentation, and was cut out of the actual meeting when it was being presented at the last minute.  That is not a good way to enable ownership or employee satisfaction.
This week was and continues to be completely overwhelming. I'm working on an absolutely insane project that has a ton of moving pieces and we're going to lose a day to the holiday weekend. I'm not particularly happy with the way this is going and it's just too much to deal with with one team member being out on a really crucial day.
Had a great week!
I got promoted! Very happy to get the recognition and see that all the hard work is paying off :) :) :)
VR day!  Can't wait.
I am not a fan of the facebook postings.  They are always either too specific to LRW or some strange comment about a semi "current" event.  I feel this is a major area to impove.  What is the purpose anyway? To make us seem like a company that is thoughful about the world?  Bc right now I feel we sound like a company that thinks too highly of their own opinons.
All of the emails about the PBS symposium were overwhelming. I don't think people expected those sessions to be so early in the day.
The Process Survey was very difficult for a new RA to take. I have no idea which people attend which meetings because I haven't even been to or heard of half the different meetings mentioned in the survey. Asking new RA's to take the survey may detract from achieving accurate data.
It's my first week at LRW, and so far I couldn't be happier with my decision to join the team!
This week is an example that with the right team and the right client, projects can be really fun. I am working on a study for Bryce Quayle's team - Bryce and Alene were available to answer questions and provide support as needed, but primarily took a step back and let me and Kim Schonfeld run the project and manage the client relationship. The result: great client relationship and a well-received topline.
Data room with clients was cool. Working over memorial day weekend not so much, but i'm leaving early friday it make up for it.
The Virtual Labs experiment was awesome!
The VR lab was very cool, thanks for sharing it with us all and giving us the oppurtunity to participate!
JIRA is the worst. The q're process for one of my studies has gone VERY badly and though the programming team is great, it's a huge headache.
This week was extremely rough! I was working on a project with very complicated DP - our survey was also very complicated and it was very hard for me to understand the many layers and intracacies of what was happening. I normally like things that are hard because I love a challenge and learning new things, but for some reason this was just awful. I felt helpless like I couldn't do anything and needed someone there for every second of the process because I had no clue how to proceed in many instances. My team was very supportive and I communicated to them about the situation, but it just went on and on and I was even here until 2 a.m. one morning. I am a very positive person and know this is not the norm, but it was ROUGH!
Target team is severely understaffed.
"It is really concerning that it is not even 4th quarter yet and so many people have been telling me how unhappy they are. I have heard our team referred to as a ""sinking ship"". Its hard to want to stay when all your peers have left. Its hard to want to stay when you can't trust the work of any of the people who are supposed to be supporting you. 4th quarter is approaching and I am afraid mentally, I wont be able to handle it. We have less experienced people than we did last year, which already went horribly, and I trust the work of the new RA just as little as I did last year. 

This is not reflective of my SRD, I really respect and like working with her."
Have an extremely difficult client right now and they sure can bring down morale. Team has my back though, with a lot of support from the top which is just one of many reasons I enjoy the work environment here.
Excited about the great sales for the company and that we're celebrating it accordingly. Takes the sting off no Summer Fridays a tiny bit.
Vacation on part of the week
rye bagels, please
Glad the water cooler is finally running faster!!!
Low hours this week due to a family medical emergency. Nice to work for a company that respects the need for family priorities to supercede work demands (at least, sometimes:-) ).
F*ck clients.  F*ck them in their time wasting faces.
F U ALL
the amount of reviews that each document needs to go through is getting to be unreasonable.  There is no reason that a questionnaire that was updated with client changes by an SRM needs to be reviewed by three people before it is sent back to the client.
Would like to have more recycling bins
The men's bathroom on 15 floor is SO CREEPY.  There is a massive gap between the stall partition and the stall door. You get a direct eyeshot of other guys in the stalls every time you walk in. It's really weird and makes me uncomfortable. Any way this can be fixed?
This is the third week that I have been with LRW and we have had a great team meeting and team building activities this week which allowed us to share experience and finding ourselves as well as having fun all together.
Team building! woohoo!
We have great leaders in our department, always knew it. it was just more clear this week. Joanne/Cris are the best. We love them for who they are, what they do and how much they care for us, push us to be who we are and more.
Reporter is annoying, we need better servers!
Heard some feedback about continued confusion regarding the role SRDs play, and some concern that they may not have as big of an impact on a project as hoped.  I'll continue to listen to feedback for further details.
I'm so happy to be on board!
Why is "reporter training" now BIP trainnig?  I did not appreciate losing an hour of my day for reporter training w/ Teddy and Emalie so that the programming department could explain what a BRM is.  Inappropriate.
I am very ready for more training, but availability of classroom training sessions is very limited.  Looking forward to immersion and other opportunities coming up this summer.
This team is killer!
The bathroom on the 15th floor is really uncomfortable because there is a large gap where you can see people in the stalls.
I was on vacation.
I've only been here two weeks, but the culture is fantastic, flexible, and empowering.
Try to be careful to not click reply all to the whole company...
Sometimes it's not totally clear what Dave wants and sometimes he thinks we're asking for help when we're really just trying to provide him updates. It seems that he thinks we'll be requesting advice from him every time we write an email. It can be confusing and extend an email chain a bit more than it (probably) needs to be. Not a huge thing but something worth mentioning as it can be a tiny bit stressful.
Why is Paul Sackman allowed to just give jobs to his children.  Should there be a proper interview process for all employees?
I got to have client interaction in person, which is always a treat in today's fast-paced environment.  I enjoyed getting to work on this project, and appreciated that my team was able to cover for my days away from the office.
Really happy about the wellness meet-up this morning (6-21)! Looking forward to future meetings!
can you put a key card opener next to the 15th (east) kitchen door?
Worked and learned a lot in SPSS this week = awesome!
The 15th floor needs more urinals in the men's room, water cups re-stocked and more doors that are accessible with security key.
"Can we please replace the drawers in the fridge in the kitchen on 16. A number of people have cut their fingers recently when trying to open the cracked and jagged drawers to retrieve their food.

Thanks!"
I'm tired and need a vacation!
F U ALL
Need to get coffee/water cups stocked more frequently on the 15th
"Please do not be surprised when everyone shows up to a meeting that was not optional.  It was extremely gross and unconfortable sitting on the floor of a movie theater for an hour and a half.  And really? no food?  

Also, can we get a report back on these open ends?  We never hear anythign back, there is no response.  I would like to know if other people have similar concerns or if they have brought up interesting points.  Also, if a request or concern is voiced here, it should be addressed.  It feels like no one is listening."
"LRW Vision company meeting was great - please continue this type of event! When our entire company gathers to hear our leaders share their ideas it really reinforces everyone's confidence in LRW, their job, the future of LRW. Very worthwhile!


On another note, I agree social media/webscraping/etc is important to understand and develop but sometimes I fear we are moving too fast. Of the social media reports I have seen, I have severe doubts as to the accuracy, validity, and legitimacy of the data being presented. Sometimes it appears to be more misleading and unclear instead of helpful and value-adding. Just worried that LRW is jumping onto this moving train before thinking about which direction it is going or which direction we want to take it."
We are very light in workload this week, it kind of sucks. I wish we have more work to do.
A lot of people constantly leave dirty lunch boxes and cups in the 15th floor kitchen sink. It always gets in the way of people who actually wants to clean their own cups. I like to suggest a company wide policy to keep kitchen sinks clean. People should not be allowed to leave their cups/lunchboxes in the sink unattended.
FUCK ALL OF YOU MOTHER FUCKERS!
It's been a great first week! Thanks to all for the warm welcome!
I am starting to feel the quick pace of how people work here.
"By 8:30 this morning, there was no food at the Muffin meeting, and there were no seats left in the theater.

As Muffin meetings go, this was a bad one. Pointlessly long, the Report of the Quarter (very interesting deck) was not presented well, and then DJ's presentation (apparently more interesting and well-rehearsed than anything else we saw) was cut off.

Don't bring a dog to a business meeting unless you're trying to divert attention from the substance of the presentations."
We're too slow right now and I'm not staffed on enough jobs. I'm bored...
"I found the ROQ presented today to be fascinating, and kept wondering how we could apply those same learnings about happiness and meaningfulness to our day to day activities within the company.  

What if, for instance, people had a greater inclination to get out from behind their desks and interact on a more personal level whenever it was possible?  Can we adopt more mobile methods to help enable this."
The old LRW that once knew is DEAD!
FUCK YOU ALL I
FUCK YOU ALL II
Was on vacation but still wanted to help pitch in to keep our participation rate up.  Perhaps we should add an option on the survey to indicate if you were out?
I wasn't too thrilled that my time was allotted to projects on other teams, both of which fell through and I wasn't told until the last minute.
PLEASE REPLACE THE DRAWERS IN THE FRIDGE ON 16!!! The edges are cutting people. Have you no mercy? I cry Meeeerrrrcccccyyy!!!
Less bagels, more fruit.
It's great when the team can leave early before a holiday weekend.
Our team is falling apart. With our best RD quiting we are struggling to stay afloat. Management is not handleing the situation at all. We have not had leaders since January, resourcing is hashed out by jr staffers based on who is drowing the least. Studies are always out of scope. This BU needs serious intervention from Dave and Jeff - a new AGM would help.
"in order to more efficiently share graphics resources, graphics should be run/organized more like field.  if graphics is supposed to be a company wide resource, then the budget for graphics should be shared across BUs - run more like field.  if graphics is not a company wide resource, then those BUs without a graphics person shouldn't expect graphics support.  further, if graphics is a BU by BU resource, if one BU is understaffed, why should that be the problem of another BU (can you see where this is going)?  

if graphics was run more like field, the need for additional graphics help would be much more apparent, and staffing would increase to keep pace with the company.  the inefficiency of running graphics on a BU by BU basis results in some BUs having stressed out graphics teams, while other BUs have graphic teams with time.  it also gives BUs little to no incentive to properly staff graphics - understandable...why take on the extra cost as an individual BU?"
No
OC office should consider hiring an office professional as the office administrator.
The company is REALLY fragmented in a few areas (like TCJ) -- it's so interesting/confusing how each business unit is run so differently and yet we're all part of the same greater organization.
in general, i would appreciate if the hiring process was done a bit more legitimately. i feel like positions should be given based on skill and merit rather than by last name.
"Everyone keeps telling me it's going to get busier, more stressful, etc. 

So I'm kind of worried, but I'm pretty sure I will be able to handle it with the help of my team"
More fruit less bagels
Amanda Woods is has been very supportive and superbly wonderful. I am so lucky to work with her!
the men's bathroom on the 15th floor is bizarre because there is a big gap on the stall door
Only worked 3 days and 1 was SRM training. Short weeks are nice
Best part of the week: meditation room.
the video lisa sent out made my week...like the artwork on my desk says, "I love nice people who make cool things."
I'm going to miss Brettany and Joanna
Debbie is a terrific AGM, she always has time to chat and is really on top of things.
Another microwave (or a more powerful one) would be widely appreciated on 16!
Though I sincerely appreciate them, could we have something healtier on Fridays for breakfast other than bagels?
I got promoted! WOO-HOO!
Tried to use Reporter, but the data and weights needed weren't in there, so it really wasn't useful.
It was a slow week and I had some trouble filling my time on certain days.
really appreciate this company and i feel like this company really appreciates me in return. its a great feeling and it motivates me to work harder.
"I'm not staffed on enough jobs and very unsatisfied because of it :(

Also, can we get other options besides bagels on fridays?"
now with the job title, department and pod, this doesn't feel very anonymous.
Traveled around wathcing IDIs and doing intercepts in Roanoke, VA and Wilkes-Barre, PA - which were interesting just not the most fun places to be and don't know anyone there so no personal life to be had.
"""Totally Sucked"" dog picture would have been better with the dog wearing the Cone of Shame.

Fun day was awesome. Great team bonding. Enjoyable food and drinks. Much needed relax day together. Hope to do it again soon."
please please please fix the men's bathroom doors on 15!
It got quite hectic this week to be completely honest. I definitely noticed my stress levels had increased(as with any job).
I dont feel like im getting paid enough for the effort I put in. Dont mean to be blunt but as a recent masters grad, this is kind of silly.
I really get a lot of value from the so what lectures. Thank you for offering these talks to think about the bigger picture outside the research!
Could we get some fruit with our bagels on Friday mornings? I try to avoid the bagels but would dig into fruit!! :)
OVERWHELMED!!
Thanks for bringing back the rye bagels :)
Excel Ninja training was great! Tips I knew, but forgot.
Where do these comments go?  No one ever mentions them or addresses anything.  What is the point of this survey??
I'm really enjoying the summer yoga.  Thank you for bringing this to the office!
I love working in my department.  I raise issues, not to complain, but to play my part in its progress.
dont forget about us remote folks when there is a meeting!!
I really enjoyed the LRW live discussion last week with Andrew (I think it was hosted by ITAC)
Danielle Lord is amazing.
Create a yoga email list that people can opt out of, so everyone doesn't get so many notifications for invites, cancellations and time changes.
na
we should have an option to indicate if someone is on vacation in order to keep participation rates up without skewing data
There's something wrong with the $13 max in Seamless. I ordered something for 12.95, and after tax and tip I had to put 15 cents on a credit card.
I'd like to be a part of creating a translation department, in the long run- it would be cheaper, and sometimes-depending on the firm we send it to, we could do a more "idiomatic" translation that is more correct
The water in the 17 kitchen is so slow compared to 15.
I was thinking, why isn't there a stage in the project process where the project team reflects over all the stages of the process. It seems like we just finish one project then move on. It could be good to reflect over the successes and failures of the project that just ended, that way we can think of ways to improve efficiency and deliver a better product for each new project. Maybe this is done at the higher level, but I think it would be great for every member of the project team to get involved. This could be an efficiency driver. "If I always do what I've always done, then I'll always get what I've always gotten." When people take the time to reflect, then you can make sure you don't always do what you've always done (aka, go through the motions).
Not really, but funny open ends are entertaining. So Purple Mokey Dishwasher, Collywobbles, Tomfoolery, and Skullduggery.
I LOVE Star Trek -- especially Captain Picard.
I like that Seamless restaurants are changing
Lots of work, little praise.
does anyone even read this?
Nope!
The kittens made my day.
If employees have available vacation time and request to use vacation days between December 24-January 1, then I think it would be good to allow them to take these days to be with their families. For employees who are parents, childcare at this time is very expensive ($140 per day minimum) because most child care centers are closed and parents need to rely on nanny-help. For employees who are assigned to trackers or studies with deliverables during the holiday week, perhaps they can work remotely for the hours needed to complete the required tasks.
These last two weeks have been difficult in terms of time, but it's also because a majority of tasks I am doing still include a learning aspect which takes time. That's understandable I just want to become more efficient at the tasks I do.
Merz client changes leading to 2 survey redesigns after programming have been awful for everyone involved.
Work process was not good because the account manager I'm working with was not responsive and did not follow-through on deadlines. It caused me to have a lot of down time, without knowing if I had enough time to start a new task. There was a lot of waiting around and now the study is a little behind schedule. A simple email with an update on her status would have solved the problem. I reached out numerous times, but the account manager only responded when she needed something from me. Very frustrating!!!!
Excel Ninja training saves lives.
Why is there no option for Graphics on this survey. It just goes to show how little LRW cares about the Graphics Team here.
Would like to bring up the issue about leaving dirty dishes/cups in the sink, especially overnight. It's just lazy practice. Would love to have company-wide signs in kitchen for not leaving anything in the sink. Use the sink to wash, not to leave dirty dishware behind.
I dont feel rewarded despite effort I put into my work. I dont feel LRW values me as an employee. I think has a little to do with the disconnect from LA and OC office. I also feel like my promotional goals have been met but nothing is happening. I hope I can get updated goals so I can challenge myself on things beyond my current horizon.
Corporate services and the IT helpdesk have been amazing!
Got promoted yay!
the 15th floor mens room IS SO CREEPY. the gap in the door is too big. i don't like seeing guys' privates. please please please fix this
Busier weeks are better when you know its going to be busy and can plan. This week, all was fine and then me helping out another team turned into them panicking, person being sick and me having to do about 10 more hours than planned. It was just annoying and made me stay much later than thought and miss out on some things outside of work. Not cool
Hours are based on 4-day week. Sick.
"The LRW social media presence needs outside consulting.  Right now it has the personality of a small clique saying their own inside jokes very loudly and then being irritated when no one else finds it funny.  The one released earlier this week was not well thought out or interesting or thought provoking at all.  It was about as high quality as those old adds that were meant to look like a news brief but were actually just about their own product. 

The reason its not being shared is bc no one wants to taint their own personal brands w/ these articles.  Plus, as I am very proud to work here, I would hate for this to be part of the image people have of our company."
I believe you accidentally swapped the images over the wrong point of the scale... Sharknado was AWESOME.
I'm in the office on a Sunday trying to get a deliverable for review in order to meet timelines that were pushed due to last-minute vacations. I think work-life balance is important but am really beginning to feel like my own isn't valued. I feel less and less like part of a team and more like a cog in a production system.
No
I appreciate my supervisor, Amanda Woods. I feel like shes also my therapist sometimes. Thanks amanda!
I love that dogs are allowed :) They are great stress relievers.
nope
I didn't want to select anything, because Charlie Sheen isn't really that far off from Snooki.
a few more dogs in the office would be nice...but only a few
what happens to the things that are written here?
I am grateful for winning $100 in the Muffin meeting for knowing the 5 planks of LRW 2.0, and will never again ask for gluten free muffins at the muffin meeting or gluten free bagels on Fridays. The cold hard cash is better.
This is my second week here and I'm loving it.
"basically, if you put charlie sheen on whatever side (or even in the middle), that's how my week is gonna go...

I'VE GOT TIGER'S BLOOD!!!!!!!!"
The Kids day today was noisy and distracting.
BY Kid to Work day was great!
No work life balance. I have had headaches every day. I'm exhausted!
It was a pretty crazy week in terms of news. I have a large decision to make that could entirely change my trajectory at the company and I don't really know what I'm going to do yet. I feel somewhat overwhelmed.
I was in immersion all week last week, it was tough to get work done; but extremely beneficial!
"this isnt anyones fault, but we're at a place were our projects are at a lull. its been boring and i haven't gotten a lot of chances to develop any skills recently. :(

i just wish there are more challenges and opportunities to grow even in dry times like these."
"I would like to see the Muffin meetings invest in hand-less microphones for some of the regular/longer speakers. I suspect some of the more energetic presenters would be grateful to have both hands, and it would seem more conversational than formal.

I also thing this would raise the energy level of the room."
I got out of the office before 6PM almost every day this week! Now that we have enough staff to comfortably cover our project load, I feel like I have time to have a life again. It is awesome.
I saw someone masturbating in the men's room on 15 today. Know how I saw this? Because there's a massive gap in the stall door! Seriously, this is uncomfortable. Please do something to change this because I do not like seeing other men or being seen whilst pooping.
I think it would be really cool if to support health and wellness along with the work/life balance, LRW provided a stipend for fitness (i.e. gym membership, yoga membership, etc.)!
I have noticed that it is hard to get to know people in LRW who are outside of your business unit. I think there should be some type of fun, athletic league that anyone can sign up for (taking place on the weekends). Whether it be a kickball league, softball league, or something along those lines. It will help everyone to bond outside of work, as well as get some exercise and have some fun.
nope!
Hoping for more work, more learning experiences with different parts of the process that I haven't touched yet.
"I like the bagels on Fridays, and there ought to be a coffee machine like the one on 15 on every floor's big kitchen.

A lot to learn but getting there one step at a time!"
I feel that I am becoming more fluent in my job and have a much better grasp of work flow processes etc.
Still a weird week. Lots of decisions to wrestle with while trying to execute on multiple projects. It's going to be a rough September.
account managers need to do their job - design the study right/get client to agree/having something that project team can execute - not just the selling part
"The 15 small kitchen keeps running out of cups and it makes me very sad :( :( :(

Also, the 15th floor supply room ran out of ball point pens."
Being in a remote office, we get close to the people in our office across BUs. It was really awkward and unsettling to find out that one of our members just abruptly being let go. In the future, things like that should be better planned and communicated with people working in the same office rather than just within the BU. I know there may be particular things we dont know in detail, but this person that was let go was respected and a great team player within the office so it was a huge shock...
Bethany Kim should probably fact check any links she puts in the Update.
I got awarded the 122 Star "Julius the Giraffe" this week. Makes me feel good to get recognized for my efforts. I'm excited to pass it on to the next star.
nope
Nope.
Tough week in some ways. I made an important decision about my path here at the company while an important person on my team was let go. We are still super busy and I just can't wait to get to the end of September.
Tired. Tired of working on strictly project management processes and not getting to expand my skills in the place where I need them the most. It has been a rough month and I need some down time!
Bison jerky is delicious.
Green bacon sounds like a terrible idea.
The company needs a paradigm shift re: the use of IPS tools. Forcing it down everyone's throats and telling them to use them "because we said so" is not the answer. I believe there are things about the IPS toolkit that are amazing and can be really helpful (for example, Excel Author which my team uses nearly every day and we love; or the programming process which is always very smooth). However, there are also issues with it (for example the DP process not being optimized for creating full sets of tables on studies where a main deliverable to the client is tabs). It feels like the company is trying to sweep those issues under the rug and just forge ahead. If we express concern over something not working for us, it doesn't mean we are completely against you - it just means perhaps you may need to consider that the original design of the system doesn't necessarily work for every single project we do and might need further revision.
It was a crazy, but productive and feel-good week! Cant wait to relax over the weekend!! Happy bday LRW.
nope
that's all
"Cheng Du must be stricken from Seamless. 

The horrors I've seen... I can't even begin to describe. 

The sights and sounds... Traumatic!

Weeping in the halls.

This time I won't post the Yelp reviews that echo the horrors.

For now, I feel only one word can properly cap off this plea...

And that word is...

""Mercy!"""
"NO MORE CHENG DU FOR SEAMLESS DINNER!!!

The food is borderline deadly. Not to mention disgusting. Desperate employees have been known to start eating file folders and plastic water bottles in order to avoid Cheng Du.

Please remove this as an option for Seamless!"
We used Reporter during our data room this week, causing our clients to ask "what is that?" and after we continued using it, saying "I want it!"  I think she was a bit jealous.
Learning wise/executing things good. Sick life made it a difficult one.
It's been a tough week following the loss of a team mate and trying to sort through a bunch of project demands with fewer team members. I think this is making us a stronger unit, but we are definitely still storming as a group. David has been very present this week, and it's made a huge difference in project progress and feeling cohesive. I trust we will continue to grow and norm; it's definitely a process.
This week was a really long, tough, and stressful week. Project work combined with the dramatic events of the last few weeks made for one of the harder weeks I've had at this company with a lot of tossing and turning at night. However, I think I and my team overcame a lot of challenges and accomplished a lot of great things this week, which makes me feel pretty proud.
No more Cheng Du please
Please no more Cheng Du on Seamless. It is so utterly inedible that it's insulting that the company I work for would present it to me as a reasonable option for a meal. No one likes to work late. When Cheng Du is on the Seamless menu, it ensures that when I'm here late, I'll also be hungry. And that's detrimental to me and my work.
Rania and Zephyr did an awesome job on the 40th Anniversary Celebration. It was really great, I especially loved the all day coffee bar!
I was appalled this week by all of the time I had to spend putting out fires that were caused by shoddy work from the Russian Nitka Team.
Our marketing assistant in OC needs more training on admin stuff. Furthermore, he needs to have a better sense of what goes on in the office so he can make sure everyone is covered. For instance, he needs to know that dataroom binders should be white and client-friendly, not orange or green. Also he needs to proactively look at his calender to see what office wide meetings are coming up so he can prepare the food or any other accommodations. Finally, I want to emphasize that someone in this assistant position really needs to be independent, have good problem solving skills, and NOT rely on specific instructions. It is uncomfortable having this issue because the current assistant is also the head of a BU's family member. By hiring a high level employee's close relative, it removes our ability to give critical feedback without fear of backlash. I would appreciate if LRW stops hiring based on criteria not related to talent, experience, and ability to perform responsibilities of the position.
Thank you for profiling the accounting people in the Friday updates. It's nice to put faces and personalities with names.
(Warning: JUST MY opinion... but I think I'm right...): I don't really understand how Joan came to oversee "marketing" for this company -- to be honest, I think it's kind of a joke?  From a "millennial" perspective, the way LRW has tried to create our social media presence is embarrassing (maybe not to the 40+ set, but most of those folks are out of touch with how social media works, anyway... which is probably a main part of the problem...).  I don't think her and this Lara person (who I have similar feelings about) will produce any legitimate social media progress for this company unless someone with more brain power takes hold of the reins and/or tells them what to do.  I don't think it's necessarily their fault, but... Yeah.  Two cents.
"Working within the MS team is a pleasure.  It’s working with certain project teams that make the workday difficult and frustrating.  It feels like certain teams are still struggling quite a bit with process/efficiency and support groups like ours are impacted when they don't plan properly or don't have a good understanding of their own requests.  I’m afraid efforts in the monthly process meeting are in vain – the teams that seem to be implementing the recommendations discussed are the ones that are already in good shape; the teams that need it most just vent or attend but are disengaged.  
-chaya"
Had focus groups this week which were fun and rewarding; I just wish there weren't so many other urgent things for other projects happening so that we could focus on the tasks at hand more fully.
There should be more "faces of LRW" Pulse pictures. Cooper's looking good!
"Re the LRW blog:  There is risk to posting it on facebook.  I only post things that I think people will find interesting.  If I just post things bc my company tells me to, a: I'm spamming my friends and family and b: I'm losing credibility that my links are going to be worth anyone's time.  

If you have to request your company to post and pay them $200- they are not moved to do it on their own which means its not interesting content.  
If most of your clicks are from facebook - your employees must have a good reputation w/ their friends and family for having interesting links. 
If you have less return visitors then 1st timers - you are eventually going to run out of employee friends and family who clicked it once, found it wasn't that interesting, and then never clicked again. 

Please don't ignore the signs and only focus on the few postive resposnes you've received.  It needs a ton of work still.  I suggest hiring a consultant."
Immersion was very helpful! Looking forward to the happy hour too :)
There's an employee who sits in an office near me not in our BU. She at times talks very loudly over the phone. Myself, and at least 1 other employee, does find this bothersome at times. Can someone possibly talk to her about lowering the volume a bit or possibly closing her door to a level that would reduce the amount of noise?
I <3 my Team!
I am excited to essentially run my own studies but am slightly nervous because I still feel I can make mistakes due to my lack of knowledge of this industry.
"You can thank poor ISA programming for my poor ratings.

Can we get an ice machine?  I would to have ice for drinks :)"
I feel like PBS rules get bent in favor of potentially large accounts and it seems risky to the account and breeds just a bit of resentment against project staff who bears the brunt of PBS or MS's feedback.
This week has been great in terms of my personal development!
The ping pong table is pretty awesome, though makes me a bit less motivated to sit in my office and work.  Please get rid of it ASAP!
jamessss baxter
I think we should keep the table tennis table. It's a good way for the people in the office to meet each other, when they would usually never communicate. It also helps re-energize after a particularly grueling or intensive period of work. It's a great 5 minute bonding experience with colleagues.
Not this week.
Faces of LRW for the Pulse pictures.
My clients are driving me crazy.
Very long week due to getting a report out by EOD Tuesday.
No.
I feel like I'm developing, I just felt very frazzled and that I had difficulty preparing for the week due to heightened responsibility and an the respective influx of communiqué.
It was a good week, I feel like I am progressing in my skills, and getting to know my coworkers better. I project a steady increase in both areas in the coming weeks and months.
Excited for Saturday's BBQ!
"Excellent restaurant options this week!

Excited about the picnic tomorrow."
"4th quarter is here.
Workload is very heavy.
Good for the company - sucks for work/home life balance."
Nope
Lately there's been several difficult projects to work through and it doesn't feel like internally we're on the same page/team etc. The amount of scope creep on projects gets tiring when it feels like there's not a lot of consideration for how much work things take and countering arguments are met with suggestions of combativeness or being difficult.
really appreciate my supervisor Amanda Woods. She is really awesome and gives me amazing support to get through tough work tasks!
Had a 13 hour day, then a 5 hour day the next day...lots of peaks and valleys right now.
Expense reports are evil.
no
Was able to work from home 1 day this week, as I needed to have my car serviced.  It's nice to have this flexibility, and would like the opportunity to do this even more often.
Had a great time at the BBQ!!!  Could have stayed for a few more hrs even!
Pumped up to apply lean six sigma to lrw
Would love more information and transparency around the external marketing efforts LRW is involved with -- i.e., Dave speaking at CASRO, the MRI, etc.
BBQ and pasta party were good, keep it up.
"For my very first comment in over a year of working here:

I worked insane hours Monday and Tuesday in order to get things in order for a dataroom.  I have put in heavy hours before, but nothing before like these two days in particular. Not only is it exhausting, it is painful doing it when the project I am doing it for is A. ridiculous (does not make any sense from a research standpoint) and B. has been managed terribly.

I guess it comes with the territory of client services but I would like to see us do a better job of managing clients in the future. It might make good sense to execs to do things for clients with huge budgets just because the client wants it to happen, clearly the case with IHG at the moment, but for people like me who are underpaid and then have to work really hard to make sure these complicated things that MAKE ABSOLUTELY NO SENSE from a research perspective get put together it is a bit disillusioning. These are the types of things that can drive RAs and RMs away from client services."
Work flow problems = account managers
i want an ice machine :)
"I've been essentially doing my manager (an RD's) job for the past... many months, which finally came to a head for a very important client on a very difficult, complex and time sensitive project in which their complete lack of management of that project nearly caused us to fail to deliver. I am hopeful that the problem will be addressed appropriately within my team (senior leadership has been informed) and glad that I am being moved under a different manager, but I am not particularly pleased with the fact that someone lacking the basic skills necessary to function as an RD was promoted to that position and even less pleased that no one noticed until some of our biggest clients literally became angry at us.

I also think it's unfair (at the very least) to have an RM doing an SRM/RD's job and not appropriately compensate them, but that seems to be referred to as a ""development opportunity"" around these parts.."
this job sucks
We need one of these for particularly stressed-out employees during Q4: http://news.nationalpost.com/2012/11/29/dalhousie-university-to-open-puppy-room-for-stressed-students/
Some account managers are SO hard to get a hold of!  It's tough to manage a project and keep it on track with timing when we can't connect to download critical information on the study.
Yoga was awesome - - much appreciated.
I really think that LRW should provide a Health and Wellness benefit wherein employees are given some sort of stipend for gym memberships, yoga classes, etc. to promote healthy living and a means of reducing stress.
More dogs in the office please :)
It's not the people, or projects- or anything LRW related that made my answers above the way there are. Simply the pace and levity of problems that persistently interrupted my workflow and ability to plan. This led to a largely frenetic feeling that made it difficult to think quickly and solve problems. I find that annoying.
More faces of LRW pictures used in the pulse in addition to the weekend update.
Timing became delayed for a few things throughout the week which resulted in lulls where there was little work to do, and other times where there were a few urgent requests to juggle all at once.
"Can we please move the basketball hoops out of the dev room?
How is anyone supposed to write code with this noise?"
Too much stress this week.
Can we just get the printers on 16 to work consistently?
Pictures of greg are great!
This week was much better for planning and work process.
"Can we please move the basketball hoops out of the dev room? Basketball is loud and makes the floor shake.

If 3 of 4 PMs can't make it to our twice-weekly status meetings, shouldn't we reschedule?"
can we get an ice machine?
Faces of LRW in the Pulse = awesome.
I generally feel like projects are understaffed, when particularly leads to pain when everyone on the team is busy.  We're often encouraged to "stretch," which basically means long hours.  We need to find a way to create opportunities for growth in the context of day to day work rather than after hours.
60% of my team is on vacation at once and I am going on vacation next week, which makes it difficult to download people as needed. Would have been much more efficient for the entire team to actually balance out vacation requests, and in general I think it's not optimal for senior team members to take extensive vacations during Q4.
I think that we should be given a health & wellness stipend to go towards gym memberships, other fitness-related activities, etc. to encourage us to have a healthy life outside of LRW.
Halloween was fun.
nope
i am exhausted today zzzzzz.
It's frustrating when our project team can't rely on on our Analytics person, field people or tabbers to be on top of things and execute tasks correctly and on time. It sucks to work really hard on a project only to have it delayed or jeopardized by the incompetence of someone else who is supposed to be an ally. It feels like a recurring theme. Why can't all non-project people be like Adam Hahn, Winnie Chou or Petra Croucher? These three individuals consistently exceed expectations by being engaged and committed to the quality of the projects they touch. They should have their own posters.
N/A
"Can TJ in oc please be informed that muffin meeting = breakfast snacks provided?
I didn't bring/eat anything in the morning and then I was hungry so I had a bunch of candy and then I had a headache for the rest of the day.  If we are expecting food, it should be there.  This is the 2nd muffin in the row where he did not get food."
nope
na
Migration = done!
I love LRW!
LAST WEEK AT LRW!! So unreal.
When are the basketball hoops moving out of the dev room?
include a name of the person in the pics on the 5 pt scale
"Halloween MUFFIN = always fun.

Dave's first joke during the meeting made me choke on my coffee.  Brilliant."
It was a hard week trying to get 3 reports finalized and launch a new study with a lot of our team traveling. We are spread pretty thin and all working very long days. We also had to say goodbye to a teammate today, which is not only sad but also a little worrisome as we continue to have many project demands and too few people to cover them.
There are some really smart people at LRW. Always impressed when I work with someone new. I wish there were more opportunities to work with new/different people and not always with our pods/separate BUs.
I was sick this week, so everyhting was a little off.
There was no free food this week (other than bagels). Bummer.
nope
This week's pictures are great!
Next week is gonna suuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuucccccccccccccccccccccccccckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
When are the basketball hoops moving out of the Dev Room?
nope
can we please have an ice machine?
It has been a really rough week, and Lieberman is taking up a large portion of my life. I like working here, it's just difficult right now with multiple studies in various states of disaster.
The server crash on Thursday night was an interruption, but thank goodness it came back quickly! Kudos to the IT team for restoring that.
It was great seeing how much impact LRW had on Citrix during the So What lecture series. I think it would help morale if we were able to receive more updates from clients on how our research was used. I understand not every client has time for an hour long presentation, but hearing an update from account managers would satisfy this need.
Many of my (highly engaged, highly talented) peers have left for other positions and industries in past two months, leading me to question whether or not I should still be here. Additionally, despite the RD on my team's continual sub-par performance, very little is changing on my day-to-day projects and I feel constantly tasked with responsibilities I am unequipped to handle simply because more senior people on my team can't or won't handle them.
My week was "not great" because I worked until 9:30 on Tuesday.  Anytime that my work schedule impacts my ability to have a remote social life you're going to see bottom box scores in my pulse.  Given LRW's role in client service, that unfortunately means while a few bottom box weeks - particularly in Q4.
"I was very disappointed to see that again, remote people were not invited to the holiday party.  After inquiring about it, I was informed that they are welcome to come if they want to pay for their own travel/arrangements.  But they can't come if they are not even aware of it happening, as they were excluded from the invite altogether.  And that is disappointing.

There are people who care very much about this company and the people, and would not hesitate to pay their way to attend such a celebration.  Particularly remote people who are just a couple hour drive away.  It is also a very important bonding event for teams, meeting significant others etc.  

I am hoping that next year remote folks are included in invites such as these, with the note that travel will not be reimbursed, of course."
This week's so what speaker was not that great...
no
When are the basketball hoops moving out of the Dev Room? They are loud, they shake the floor, and they are only a few feet from our desks.
Nope
Our GM emphasizes the importance of our growth and development, takes time to meet with junior people despite the stress and workload of 4th quarter.
Things are getting....exciting.  Not so much in the good way.  Busy timse!
No, this week was good. I was able to solve problematic studies with the help of my colleagues and superiors.
the results of this survey may be skewed because JOSH IS JUST SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"Bottom box week for the same typical reason: overworked and underappreciated.  

I told my manager (RD) that something had taken me a really long time and I'd worked over the weekend to get it done, and the response was ""that's ok.""  I was expecting a response of ""I'm sorry you haven't been better supported through this. I really appreciate your hard work. Thanks for taking ownership over this doing such a great job."""
i just want to say im so grateful for my wonderful amazing beautiful supervisor Amanda Woods. she inspires me to be better and she makes me feel like im appreciated here!
Yoga was awesome!! I'll miss it!
It's creep that you know our department and role already :)
nope
Busy goddamn week.  Fun getting shit done though, even if it's not the shit you want/should be getting done -at least it's the shit you NEED to be getting done.
When are the basketball hoops moving out of the Dev Room?
Happy Thanksgiving!
nothing
"There is still a problem with IPS job numbers not getting added to FasTime until the last possible minute.

What does ""cocktail attire"" even mean? The Internet seems to agree that this is clothing I don't own. I am not buying new clothes for a work party.

When are the basketball hoops moving out of the Dev Room? They are loud and distracting."
Thanksgiving weekend
Not really, but thanks for asking.
I think we should have a health and wellness benefit to promote healthy living and a life outside of work.
I'm frustrated with my clients.  Delays on products are making for challenging timelines around the holidays.
I feel that I am not appropriately compensated for the value I contribute, and that I'm being penalized (by delaying my promotion) for speaking out about problems within my team.
Santa Clause 3: The Escape Clause would've been a better representation of "totally sucked"
Miss yoga!  And so excited for the holiday party.
I think we should find a better way to remind people time sheets are due - the red alert emails seem a bit overboard.
Cut down the cubicle walls in the cube farm on the 16th floor so we can see everyone!
When are the basketball hoops moving out of the Dev Room?
122 rocks
"Do you know what happens when Cheng Du pops up on the Seamless menu? Here's a quick summary:

1: People leave before finishing their work because they need to eat and know they can't do that at the office when Cheng Du is coming in;

2: People like me head over to the mall, take 45 minutes out of their night and charge the meal to the company. This leads to people working 45 later than they should, when they're more tired, which leads to lower quality work. And it leads people having lower quality of life, because they're getting home later, and resenting the company.

Please, no more Cheng Du."
My last day is 12/20. I'm told I need to have an exit interview, but none has been scheduled yet.
15N water cooler runs out pretty frequently. Is there any way we can stock more bottles?
Looking forward to the Holiday party.
this week was flipping insane. one person that helped me hold it all together was brianna bekier. she has such a wonderful personality and work ethic. i heart u bri.
I'm eager and excited to learn and master my goals for this next position.
excited for the holiday party
CAN WE PLEASE MOVE THE BASKETBALL HOOPS OUT OF THE DEV ROOM SO THOSE OF US WHO ARE TRYING TO CONCENTRATE ON WORK DON'T HAVE TO PUT UP WITH SHAKING FLOORS AND POUNDING NOISES STARTING AT RANDOM INTERVALS THROUGHOUT THE DAY?
that's all
This was a great week! We had several presentations with awesome client feedback, and we have fun team bonding events as well. It's a nice way to end the year before the onset of the holidays :)
Happy Holidays!
Rough week, but AWESOME party.
Today is my last day at LRW. I've been touched at how graciously everyone has been with my departure. There are a lot of really great people here, and I will miss them.
It's pretty terrible how slow reviews in 150 are; i know several people who have had reviews delayed by over a month, up to 3 months late.
Offer health and wellness benefits!!
"Can we please move the basketball hoops out of the Dev Room? How are we supposed to focus on code when people are playing basketball a few feet away?

It makes it harder to get our timecards in on time when our PMs haven't booked studies that we've been working on for a week, or when accounting takes a week to get booked jobs into FasTime."
Being back when there is no one present has been very productive.
nope
Calendars should be available before the new year!  I have been printing out months and stapling them together but if/when a real calendar appears I'll have to spend time transferring all the info over.
I'm just excited for the New Year and what is to come for the 148 team and LRW as a whole :)
I am sick right now, but had a good new year.
we need another marketing assistant in the oc office
Can we please move the basketball hoops out of the Dev Room? It's much harder to focus on work when they're in use.
Sucks to be back.
Miss yoga
there are some people in our pod that really need to bring it on... currently they are abandoning the team consistently when we are in dire need of resource, abandoning their OWN project, and introducing a plethora of errors by rushing through tasks. all i want is upper management to provide fair, appropriate, and timely feedback so not all of us end up getting constantly screwed.
"Still waiting on my six month review :( 
Currently it is month ten"
http://thehigherlearning.com/2014/01/05/wow-the-man-who-hugs-wild-lions-brought-a-go-pro-this-time-video/
Can we move the ice rink out of the Dev Room? The zamboni makes a lot of noise, and it's scuffing up the walls.
insane few months, esp this week. i really need to get a life. my health is also deteriorating. the team is really battered. we are all overworked and i dont see a reprieve coming at all
Can we please get recycling bins on the north side of the building for items other than just paper?
Traffic was horrible...nothing new!
Bagels on my floor was a plus
Can Jason Redondo bring back hot chocolate packets please? :)
Can we move the Jai Alai court out of the Dev Room? All of the cheering in Portuguese is distracting.
We need to come up with ways to get more LRW schwag.  Nice t-shirts, other cups, stickers, etc.  Need to increase the 'pride' of working here and that could have an infectious effect...
Can we have more short weeks?
we use too much paper
Bring back yoga with Dani :)
"In addition to the tea selection at LRW, it would be nice to have a few more caffeinated options, such as English Breakfast Tea, for those who are not coffee drinkers but need the caffeine to kickstart their day or keep their day going.

The office needs better lead pencils.  The lead pencils available at the office are not conducive to an efficient work day.  Too much time is spent on ensuring that every time I click on the pencil to add more lead, not too much or too little comes out.  It doesn't have the traction it needs to add only a little each time."
The best part of the internship is the pod meetings because they really illustrate how collaborative and team-oriented everyone at 143 is.
"Zzzzzzzzzzz........

Cool to see some awards though!  Go team!"
I'm so sad there's no more hot coco packets!!!
Traveling with Matthew Parsons is an adventure :)
nope =)
Something needs to be done about the distribution of labor at the SRM level
Love reporter - never use ISA!
Can we move the Thunderdome out of the Dev Room? These "Two men enter, one man leaves" battles are rapidly depleting the population of Bartertown.
Bring back yoga with Dani :)
I feel that we could benefit from the experiences of some other, longer standing, LRW BU's who have done a great job cultivated fantastic team relationships, respect, and working habits. We have some wonderful senior managers, experienced in cultivation teams that not only deliver great work, but work great as a team; I think  this knowledge and experience could help some newer BU's become even better than they already are.
Josh's weekend update section on Valentines day was INCREDIBLY sexist.  He always has a heavy sexist tone but this time it was just so over the top that I must comment.  That is absolutely not ok.
I'm an RM doing the work of multiple SRM's, and am subsequently feeling both undervalued and taken advantage of. My team has been understaffed for months, and while they assure me that I am "close" to promotion that doesn't particularly comfort me given that I am already doing, and have long been doing, the job I'm supposedly going to finally be paid to do at some ineffable point in the future. That situation is extremely demotivating, and does not make me feel as if any care or thought is being given to what is fair or viable in the long-term for my career. And in the short-term, it is extremely stressful.
I'm getting a little demoralized because when I try to delegate up/down to reduce my hours, things just don't get done while I try to work on other projects. I'm not sure I fully understand the staffing on certain projects lately.
This isnt a typical week.
this shuffle is not the business
"I would like to see a mechanism for junior level staff to provide input to decision that affect company and the project process even if its just in a consultative role during the implementation planning.

This would allow me to show and further develop my skills that do not directly relate to executing the project process."
Not happy about being over-budget on DP using IPS. Without any prior update they want to double our original budget. Working to negotiate. Also not happy with ISA recently - how to deal with DP blues. :(
Could we move the Olympic slopestyle snowboarding course out of the Dev Room? Some Norwegian guy broke his collarbone during a training run, and the noise was terrible.
Please refill the cups more often in the big kitchen
We should really have a health & wellness benefit to encourage a more sustainable work/life balance.
Nope.
"The valentine was such a sweet idea!! It made me feel VERY special... but BSweet's  pastries aren't very good :( I couldn't finish it.  

I love my department and my role is great, but I'm frustrated that I can't move into a higher position for another four months at least because we were not approved for additional positions."
happy valentines day!
Valentine's were cute, thank you!
Happy valentines day :)
Had several LRW U courses, which were good, but Report Preparation for example, would've been more helpful if an actual deck had been presented with a full set of tabs to show how to pull/where to pull from, etc. I've been here for several months so I was already very familiar with the content, but I think my suggestion above would've been really helpful for the new people who just started and have never pulled/PAPOed, etc.
The 15th floor urinal is draining very slowly.
Overwhelmed.
Would like healthier food options at the office.
YARRRRRRRRR MATEY.
Missed the pulse last week, but monthly mimosas ought to be a thing.
good week
I LOVE when Josh V. writes the weekend update - the emails embody the work hard but enjoy what you do culture that I love so much about LRW.
I <3 my coworkers :)
Get better chairs for muffin!
I miss yoga
"I had a couple more LRW U courses this week and, despite the technical difficulties with the program checking workshop, that was definitely one of the more valuable courses because it was a hands on learning experience whereas most have been primarily lecture, and not much practical application.  The greenbook course with Jen was also really helpful - as accounting is actually consistent no matter what project you're doing (more or less) - where the content for most of the other courses - like Reporter or program checking - varies so much from study to study that its hard to cover everything in such a short time/cover what information is/will be actually relevant. 

Overall, I had a great week, mostly because I feel super proud of what we accomplished -- (soft) launching a massive international study in 16 markets and 11 languages. Which may not be a big deal for people who've been here a while, but I'll enjoy these 'small' victories while I still can :) Wooo go team :) !"
Better chairs at muffin
Bring back yoga with Dani please :) Also, I'd love to have the tea re-stocked in the kitchenettes.
Pretty sure I'm getting crushed under the workload and I'm not sure how to help the situation. Starting at 7 and going until 1 doesn't seem to help since there's little dedicate support on a lot of projects and it appears my absence in any meetings causes a bottle-neck where things aren't moving forward. I'm still not sure I understand staffing logic on projects and when is considered "enough" on the projects...
No
muffin food was disappointing today
I love my new team, TIBU and my new supervisor Anu.
Better chairs in muffin!
Those waffle irons should either be relocated to the large kitchens on each floor given away via some sort of contest.
Caturday
Bring back yoga with Dani :)
I love IPS
It was just my second week here and my first payroll. It was very exciting.
nope
Miss yoga...
i hate category
We should offer a health & wellness benefit to encourage a life outside of the office and healthy living.
nope
remove the reporter question
Please bring back the Tazo tea!!
"It is completely unacceptable to knowingly shut down internet and drive access to remote offices during working hours.  The worst possible time to do this is right around the time people are sending things off and leaving.  Whats worse than that, is saying it will be from 6-6:30 and instead having it be from 6:25-7:10.  Justin Wells, that was incredibly rude and inconsiderate and it wasted a lot of people's time and caused people to have to sit around well after they could have been home.  

This kind of thing should be done on weekends or in the middle of the day, not when people are finishing things and then unable to compile and send to client.  Also, if you say 6pm for 30 minutes, that can not mean 6:25 and for 45 minutes.  So RUDE!"
Yoga with Dani :)
Work's been so much better lately.
I feel discouraged lately because feedback seems to imply when aspects of a study went not-ideally, that I'm at fault but when solutions are developed, it's assumed that I had no part in it.
The TAZO teas in 16 Small Kitchen were AMAZING!  For non-coffee drinkers but need the caffeine, these teas were perfect!  Can we get a refill on them, please?!
Yeah... Hope you have a great weekend! :-)
i was sick this week so not much went on except hacking and coughing.
I would appreciate a faster computer :)
Yoga with Dani :)
While I appreciate Dave's email about opportunity culture, his example was actually pretty off the mark. I'm glad Alex was able to get involved with the VR stuff - an example of opportunity culture. However, Dave's praise for her willingness to arrange meetings with C-level execs at big corporations is not really something that lost of us can relate to. It's great that she has these connections, but that's not an example of opportunity that most of us can relate to.
Processed my second payroll but the first one more or less by myself.
I wouldn't be excited to do this every week. But a couple of times a year is OK if the work's rewarding.
Was not able to come in this week.
More happy hours!
"I liked having Muffin meeting at lunch time today! I suggest having it from 12:30-1:30 and having lunch start at 12 instead :)

And bring back yoga with Dani!"
"Thanks for bringing back the TAZO teas.

In regards to the previous PULSE, I neglected to answer one of the questions but when I went back to answer it and resubmit, the PULSE told me I had already submitted it.  Now, what is the point in prompting me about missing a question if I cannot go back and answer it to resubmit?"
how can you not be happy with those photos of that handsome man?!
Awesome pictures. More please!
really enjoyed my first Muffin meeting and thank you for lunch
Have full trust in senior management and in their decisions. You guys are great!
A true 'meh' week.  Nothing great, nothing terrible.
I was on vacation.  :-)
The 15th floor is neglected in terms of maintenance.  I think there should be a set schedule for servicing the kitchen (replacing cups for example) and printers.
Everyone has done such a great job helping me onboard at LRW! I sincerely appreciate it and look forward to a bright future here!
Yoga with Dani :)
"i think other BUs should also afford their members to do the same thing - work on projects that have company wide impact - without dinging them for it.  i'd go so far to say that it's unfair not to let them do so, because it's an uneven ""distribution"" of opportunity.

if my team is very allowing, letting me work on ""opportunities"", while another team isn't, that automatically gives me an advantage and those on crappy BUs a disadvantage.  with this sort of uneven allowance, it's no wonder people flee some BUs and see other BUs as better (because they are better!).

same goes for teams that understaff."
Senior staff did not effectively communicate needs for this week meaning that several of us were unable to plan effectively, had not put down accurate hours and had too much to do.
"The only part about my job I don't enjoy is Ben Abrams. If I worked with him on a project, I would most likely become very frustrated and unhappy with my job. I get along well with everyone and am very easygoing, but I have never met anyone who upsets and bothers me as much as him. Below are some of the reasons I feel this way: 
     - He is rude
     - He is disrespectful
     - He has a false sense of entitlement and superiority to others (especially young women)
     - He thinks he is smarter/better than everyone 
     - He believes he has the right to do and say whatever he wants
     - He is a distraction and will interrupt his coworkers while they are working 
     - He doesn't have good people skills"
I'm increasingly discouraged by the re-work that is needed to to address lower priority issues that stem from a lack of clarity in directions that then get positioned as more junior staff's "fault" for working late and efforts toward efficiency are viewed as thoughtlessness
Still the best gig I've had in the MR industry.:-)
Go back to the old bagel company, these new ones aren't good.
After being here over a year, I was finally assigned to my first study!  Woo!
Would be awesome to have the Symposium live streamed for people in the office--it's SUCH an interesting event with so much t olearn and could really add a sense of "togetherness" to the organization -- right onw the SYmposium feels like a black box for most folks.
"Just got an email today that we have to scale back data collection on one of our trackers over the weekend because IPS anticipates a server capacity issue.

This should not have to happen...we do market reserach for a living after all!!"
I have the best team ever!
We need a bigger refridgerator, or another one needs to be added on the 16th floor because there is not enough space for everyone's lunch.  There are roughly 80 employees sharing one fridge.  If we had a bigger refridgerator, I would be able to bring lunch to work, therefore being more efficient at work.  Having to get out of my seat to go outside to get lunch for 30 minutes is an interruption to my thought process and frame of mind. This distraction, due to not enough space in the fridge to bring my lunch, therefore forcing me to go outside to buy lunch, results in lower productivity and efficiency in the work I do.
I'm getting sick :(
:(
Too much!   Too much going on!
I am not a fan of the new bagels.  If we could switch back that would be awesome.  Thank you for the getting them each Friday in the first place!
No, thanks.
I liked having two options for dinner Thursday night.
Consider adding signs to all the stairwell doors that show where they lead to on each floor.
Reporter being down so frequently over Thursday/Friday has been a major blocker in effeciency and prevented me from being/feeling as productive when so much of what I needed to do was tied to manipulating data there.
Bring the old bagels back!!!!!!!!! The cream cheese was better.
Active listening should be a team effort that everyone takes seriously; lack of which has led to repeatedly needing to clarify next steps/timing. This creates additional work and creates perceptions of disengagement.
Yoga with Dani!
Bring back the old bagel place!
Can we get headsets?  It is difficult to hold the phone to your ear by using your shoulder when you have a call for an hour.  It's difficult to take notes at the same time when doing that.  As for putting the call on speaker, that would be possibe BUT a nuisance to everyone around me.
Not the biggest fan of a stapler for being here a year. It's nice because the company doesnt have to give you anything but not sure its the best thing to give for someone being here a year as like a thank you. Just my two cents. Hope you guys are doing well.
This is not optimized for phone.
This week was my first time re-screening respondents and it was really fun talking to people!
Stop talking shit
The 16th floor women's bathroom smells awful. Can this be looked into?
Bring back yoga with Dani :)
Working with LL is increasingly frustrating due to his lack of written English skills, and inability to effectively manage projects.
"Past two weeks of dinner orders have included:
MexiKosher not showing up at all (Seamless doesn't reject an order if a restaurant is closed for the week),
Big Fat Pita arriving at 8:30 (they needed an extra hour to get here from the mall next door?),
MexiKosher arriving at 8:20.

Please don't tell me what kind of shoes to wear. If one Project team wants to play dress-up, great, but a company this size with our diverse client base shouldn't be asked to pretend there is only one shoe company in the world."
Pains me to say this, but I think it's going to get a lot worse before it gets better.
This week was very rough.
It's unfortunate that we no longer have a training room available for use
ESAT results seemed off -- weird that Sackman BU was acknowledged as doing better, when EVERYONE has quit! Seems like not the whole story.
It would be great if we had multiple ipads available for program checking - especially if we're moving more and more towards tablet/phone friendly surveys - I think this is obviously necessary.
MexiKosher canceled another dinner order this week. Good tacos, but this might not be working out.
I was right.
Doesn't the company have a policy of "there doesn't have to be a position open for you to be promoted"?  I've been told that that is misleading, and isn't true.  :(
Why COOPER WHY!!
What was the thought behind the insect images and the world pic in the fishbowl?
Thanks for restocking on the TAZO teas!  Can we get some Chai tea in the mix, please?  Thank you!
I think Joan is abusing the "high importance" marker on her emails.
"Why are we always asked to promote Dave Sackman, the individual?  That article that was shared this week mentioned LRW and had a quote from Dave.  Why would I put ""my CEO was quoted"" instead of ""my company is involved is this cool thing, mentioned here"".  I think its really strange how Dave seems to be trying to build his own personal brand with us as his support structure instead of encouraging us to be proud of our company (which includes us) as a whole.  

Things I am proud of: Being part of and contributing to an innovative company that provides impact to cool clients.  

Things I couldn't care less about: Dave Sackman (""who?"" says everyone else in the world) is the CEO of that company."
This week sucked. We need more RA's.
feels like we are very understaffed
Please autocode the "Did you use Reporter this week?" question for the 143 group - everyone in this business unit uses Reporter every week.
The definitions of the attributes above do not correspond correctly with the details about them. For example, "fun and engaging work" is not the same as "extent to which you enjoy the time you spend at work".
Team 128 rocks!
Midterm exams week!!!
Client panic caused the excessive work hours this week, which seems hard to avoid, but also could have been handled better by colleagues.
I believe I speak for the majority when I say: We really need a new coffee machine and/or new coffee. Nothing personal, it's just terrible.
Dissatisfied person not outside the group
The n
Solid month so far.
Work was tedius and boring this week and hard to stay engaged and focused.
There has been a lot of verbalization of the frustrations faced when dealing with last minute changes to either ascetic preferences, data presentation or demands in general to reports around the BU. Issues that should not happen towards the end of projects, but during the BIP process. If senior management does not make time to answer questions or provide feedback in a timely matter, changes should not be requested right before delivery of projects as it frustrates people around the BU which makes it difficult to work effectively with so much distraction for everyone.
Exhausted
Bring back the old bagel company.  Or maybe some Zankou chicken.
a great deal of thanks for all of those who have made me feel so welcome here!
Brian is a sweetheart.
Yoga with Dani :)
Our process is off. Every single RD, RM, and RA was affected this week by last minute changes to projects and misinformation - but these things could have been changed multiple times throughout the process, not on the day of delivery. Hours were wasted over mostly insignificant details. New studies are being started with poor planning and other studies are going off the rails because of the same poor planning. I seriously look forward to coming to work, I love being on 153, and my pulses are always straight 4s and 5s, but I hope this doesn't become a pattern.
This was a bad week -- super hectic, lots of unnecessary back and forth, and micromanaging resulting in undermined confidence/morale.
My week was made extra super-shitty this week by a certain account manager who can't seem to plan ahead at all, resulting in a bunch of last minute, questionable changes and way too many hours of necessary overtime.
"Why is dimensions a total fail?!?!??!!?!?!!
It used to work well and now it hates everyone."
Zzzzzzzz......ready for the holiday!
nope
Would like to have access to a proper training room since the old one was taken down without notice
Go team 128!
Working for the VR team is awesome
i love this job!
"I'm increasingly demoralized by the constant frantic atmosphere that exists on several of the projects I'm on. The simultaneous calls/emails following up on client requests causes its own inaction and even after I explicitly state that there needs to be broader communications within the team and that I'm being a bottleneck, I'm met with general inaction or being told I'm not doing enough. It's a bit of a mixed message when I'm told multiple clients are of utmost importance since there is physically only so much that can be done while on the phone, in meetings. 
It's also frustrating when I get reports/templates approved, use them for multiple months and then told I didn't follow procedure and that the team doesn't have an SOP on reporting adding to the constant rework and inefficiency despite having gone through channels of approval."
The RDs are too nice to people.
"AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH.

That is all."
Having Monday off meant fitting a 45-50 hour work week across 4 days.
Fun day is awesome!
Yoga with Dani :)
We need better meeting rooms and training rooms.
I was on vacation all week!!!
The new bagels are great but the old LOX cream cheese spread with the chunks of salmon are missed!
Please bring back Yoga! :(
Yoga with Dani :)
Our team momentum and development has stagnated with little communication about how this is being proactively addressed.
Too much going on - too tired to enjoy much of the work because there was so much!
ZZZZZZZZZzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz.
I do think BRIEF (like 1-2 slide) financial updates at MUFFIN would be nice... especially since one of the F's in MUFFIN stands for financials!
"I think that in order for LRW to promote a work/life balance and a healthy standard of living they should offer a health & wellness benefit which provides some sort of monthly/annual stipend towards some type of physical activity, gym membership, etc.

If LRW wants to claim that it offers great benefits and still has that startup culture mentality, I think this would be a great step towards achieving that!"
Need more spacious conference rooms and existence of a training room
Ok, so the visual for the 5 year strategic plan is a pair of boxing gloves hanging on a letter (if I recall correctly). However hanging up your gloves usually means that you are retiring or giving something up....so...what's up?
Yoga with Dani :). The LRW Cycle class last week was great, I'd love to do more company-wide activities like that!
Excited to see how things go from here.
I got to dabble in the sort of task well above my title and found really enjoyed the challenge and the experience.  It made up for the less fun moments of the week and was a perfect example of opportunity culture for me.
Field off-site was great! Thanks
Out project managers are pretty damn cool
"It'd be great if we could just TRY another brand of coffee. Just to see if it's any better. 

Also, I think an SPSS class would be really helpful, because while we use it less now, the ability to run basic tests for data scanning purposes, etc is still an important skill."
F U ALL
Only that life/work balance is a matter of perception.  When you think work is fun and you are passionate about what you do, enjoying work away from the workplace has always been part of that balance, at least for me.  I think it is work stress that makes people feel like they don't have a life outside...perhaps they worry about work when they are away from work, rather than relaxing and compartmentalizing that stress by putting it it's proper place.
The old lox spread with the chunks of salmon is missed!
It is great that people are all getting promoted.  However, there was one promotion this week that seemed extremely out of order.
Everyone has been super helpful and kind at LRW. Even though the floorplan of the building (i.e. staircase, hallways, etc.) is a bit confusing, I'm sure that with time, I'll be able to navigate comfortably.
Can we get a coke freestlye machine in the office? Or get stumpton cold brew coffee?
Plesae bring back Yoga and Lox cream cheese. You're killin me Larry!
"can the coffee machine on 15 please be fixed?  the new only only serves decaf... the old one used to serve better drinks.  i'm hoping it only went in for repair and will be brought back soon.

now that we are getting laptops, can we please be allowed to work from home like one day a month?  most companies have this rule (and allow it with greater frequency), but since we don't really have it then a once/month thing could be a good starting point to gauge how it works out."
ALLEZ LES BLEUS!
"Everybody's working for the weekend...NANANANANANANA.

That said, awesome team event from start to finish!"
We had a team event offsite this week that was very enjoyable
"I think that in order for LRW to promote a work/life balance and a healthy standard of living they should offer a health & wellness benefit which provides some sort of monthly/annual stipend towards some type of physical activity, gym membership, etc.

If LRW wants to claim that it offers great benefits and still has that startup culture mentality, I think this would be a great step towards achieving that!"
The process working for normal projects has been fine, but working for Web and Text has been very difficult with the microsoft.  Sean Fleming has made the process extremely difficult.  he took an extra two days to send the report outline, asked 5 different people to ghost deck slides without explaining who was responsible for what, two of whom had never ghost decked before. he then expected most of the deck to be pulled by 4:30 the next day.  This is made more difficult by the fact that the client pushed teh due date earlier 3 days. There was very little analytic planning, he is never in the office to talk face to face, he moves meetings all the time. If it doesn't improve, i won't work on another one of these projects.
Happy to be here!
On vacation the first part of the week...thus the fewer hours.  BUT...put in crazy hours when back to compensate for taking vacation days.  Work load is extreme right now!
I think Abigail is doing a great job in HR. She is really making significant impact.
love my tibu team. my ag team is like family to me!
I was able to participate in the RM Career Day this week, and it was a really, really great event!  I wish this was set up when I was an RM :)
Working on the Microsoft SMB study for Sean Fleming has been a really negative experience.  There were major issues with client management as well as management within the team.  This needs to be fixed
We could really use a 2nd fridge. Would be nice if LRW offered a gym membership discount like other companies. Please buy new brand of coffee or new machine.
Congrats to Debbie on her promotion - very well deserved!
"having another graphics person for the whole company would be nice...would definitely ease the strain when one is on vacation.

i think 184 should budget one in."
"Working from home was AWESOME!
Let's do it more frequently :)"
Glad they replaced the moldy ceiling tiles
"That Strengthscope process was painful. The initial survey was long and repetitive, then we had a 2 1/2 hour meeting to learn that the ENG department isn't energized by working with people. In fact, we had a 2 1/2 hour meeting to learn that we are the 30 people in this company least likely to enjoy a 2 1/2 hour meeting about what energizes the people around us.
I don't think I got anything out of that training that will actually impact my work."
Opportunities rock
I worked around 40 hours still, even though I had a day of holiday. Two 12 hour days in a row is too much to ask on a regular basis. Very much looking forward to having additional support in the office!
The 143 senior brass was particularly grumpy this week.
Tough but great week...in immersion so time has been precious
Forget Data training was terrible and unfocused. Trying to attend such long sessions scheduled at the last minute made the rest of my work unmanageable.
"two 14 hour days to start the week is a bad start and makes you hate life in the office

Senior management continually giving into client demands without considering what is possible or the staff occurs too often and is quite annoying to then deal with

plus, some clients are just bitches"
can men please be allowed to wear shorts or flip flops on fridays in the summer?  it's just too hot at times.
All good for now. =)
Heard the President's Orietnation went 30 minutes long, and was not that interesting. Unfortunate for new folks -- especially since they had already heard a lot of it before!
A Freestyle Machine would be great in the office for those who like caffeine but don't drink coffee or tea.
Got some longstanding tasks done despite lots of training sessions to attend and prep for.  Nice week!
I do wish there would be a better schedule for lunch for the new employees during training, because there were some days where we were booked for the whole day with no breaks. (don't worry, our managers saw this and let us have our lunch time)
a really productive week......a result of IMMERSION?
The meetings with senior management really help us stay focused and motivated.
Great experience so far
"Johnnie's Pizza is not a good dinner.
Conference rooms should have actual screens for projectors. Using a whiteboard as a screen is miserable. 17 Small needs some kind of AV equipment. 15N needs something to clean up the mess of wires under the TV screen."
The team excursion event was really fun and I'm glad that it helped everyone get to know one another better.
:)
can't obama plan his los angeles commutes outside of peak rush hours? still mad about it.
I would just add that the work / life balance question / response could be interpreted in different ways based on any presumption underlying the question.  If, for instance, "totally sucked" is checked, which it is NOT in this case, it should not necessarily be interpreted to mean too much work and not enough "life."  For me, personally, the more work the better.  Obviously, it may not be the same for everyone, but I'm just pointing out that in the case of people who prefer to work more hours a "totally awesome" could reasonably mean that the respondent was given an opportunity to work more hours.  Thank you!
The mold on the ceiling tile by the dev room is back, even though the ceiling tile was replaced. Think this is a bigger issue.
Is it safe to take "Did you use Reporter this week" off the Pulse?
"We really need a second fridge in the small kitchen on 16. I've been saying this but, we also really need new coffee makers/new coffee. Seems like I hear people talk about how bad the coffee is more than anything else.

Has LRW considered providing employees with a gym membership or discount? My impression is that it's not uncommon for big companies to offer their employees a wide range of ""work perks"" and benefits - beyond the required health and 401k benefits....such as a gym membership/discount, constant supply of complimentary beverages and snacks, more company events, etc."
why would you not order enough pizza for the muffin meeting?????
"I think that in order for LRW to promote a work/life balance and a healthy standard of living they should offer a health & wellness benefit which provides some sort of monthly/annual stipend towards some type of physical activity, gym membership, etc.

If LRW wants to claim that it offers great benefits and still has that startup culture mentality, I think this would be a great step towards achieving that!"
Halogen is frustrating -- crashes often so you're forced to save frequently, but saving takes forever and a day because the site is slow and you have to go through spell check every single time.
not eating/sleeping well cause there's too much going on.
I love how Jessica shared her nomination for the award during Muffin today. I'd like to hear more from the nominators about the award winners!
How about actually holding people accountable?
"We really need a second fridge in the small kitchen on 16. I've been saying this but, we also really need new coffee makers/new coffee. Seems like I hear people talk about how bad the coffee is more than anything else.

Has LRW considered providing employees with a gym membership or discount? My impression is that it's not uncommon for big companies to offer their employees a wide range of ""work perks"" and benefits - beyond the required health and 401k benefits....such as a gym membership/discount, constant supply of complimentary beverages and snacks, more company events, etc."
"Which parts of the FasTime ""upgrade"" are supposed to be improvements? There is not an employee-facing change that actually helps. It's the same terrible software with random changes and new bugs.

I'm working late, but I didn't order dinner, because it's Johnnie's Pizza.

What a boring Muffin Meeting. If you don't have an hour of material to present, don't drag it out. Just end the meeting and give everyone half an hour of their day back."
While Nancy's email addressed the lack of 150 mention at the Muffin meeting, there is still an ongoing lack of recognition for the team at every muffin meeting since Stephanie left the team.
Had to be at the user troubleshooting frontline of a software update.
Talking' is very different than 'doing'
I was on vacation.  :-)
feel very helpless with the ag project in general. too many errors, many in legacy that we can't control. aggressive timelines. unexpected technical issues. client is always pissed, which partly they are correct to be. its definitely an uphill battle for everyone on the team.
I almost clicked "Totally Sucked" because the kitten picture was more adorable.
I've experienced the LRW opportunity culture in both my own BU and the 001-Weiss BU.  Thanks.
We need more help on our team.... hopefully we get those hires soon.
Loved the Health and Wellness Lunch & Learn, looking forward to more of those!
"working on templetizing some decks for a new process they're trying - ""forgetdata"" pilot.

good stuff."
Really, Joan?  LRW's twitter post about our favorite Robin Williams movies are NOT high priority emails.
For a "Bring you child to work" day, LRW felt really quiet...
"1) We need more conference rooms. More space. 
2) Our team, IPS could use some upgrades (RAM for instance) to our equipment."
"Mika Sushi is still not very good.
I don't order dinner from Johnnie's Pizza anymore, even though I am working late."
very frustrated
Experienced issues this week getting technical help before noon EST.  Still working out the kinks, but getting better.
ag is a killer! the dark circles under my eyes are darker this week.
My career path is moving backwards.
I'm finishing up a project that was extremely energizing. What made this project great: the client is collaborative and straightforward about her expectations, the GM is supportive but not overbearing, and the project team includes people with complementary skills and everyone brings something different to the table. The client is very happy with our research and I felt good leading the project - win-win for everyone.
"I think that in order for LRW to promote a work/life balance and a healthy standard of living they should offer a health & wellness benefit which provides some sort of monthly/annual stipend towards some type of physical activity, gym membership, etc.

If LRW wants to claim that it offers great benefits and still has that startup culture mentality, I think this would be a great step towards achieving that!"
The Director Day was awesome, kudos to Kent, Lisa and Abigail! But the week still sucks because I'm buried under too much work
Director Day was awesome
I really enjoyed the RD day, but wish that we could shift the timing of these days from the summer to the end of Q1 or beginning of Q2 when it is (usually) less hectic.
This week's workload was the most conducive to my learning as compared to other weeks, in terms of being both in the Cohort classes and working on projects.
We're down to only 5 restaurants for dinner orders, and 2 of them are bad.
Really hppe that people can be more understanding rather than push for their own request&needs while you are travlling for work.
Thanks for the prize.
Only worked less than 40 hours because i had a sick day....
We need to find a new pizza place. Fresh whatevs not that great...
"1498 beach day was AWESOME! So so so great to get outside of the office for a little while with our coworkers. 

Thanks Tim and Debbie for approving that!"
Would like to see support teams thanked during muffin meetings when their work has direct impact on the projects being recognized. It seems like all of the focus is on project teams.
"How did we get down to repeating the same five dinner restaurants every week? Are we being punished?
What happened to the three Chinese places? Where did Factors go? Whither Cilantro Fusion Grill?"
I think AI should move towards a P&L model and operate as an independent BU (or potentially company). It would suck if we remain a support team for a research driven BU that ends up implementing all of Medallia's operations-oriented projects.
People reaching out to help and providing input on projects not workijng on
"Ever since the network drive ""upgrade"", we have no access to Previous Versions, and we can't open, move, or DELETE ZIP files without a warning pop-up interrupting us. This is very distracting.

How is Johnnie's Pizza--which Claire has instructed us we should never order from--still our dinner order every Friday?"
"I think that in order for LRW to promote a work/life balance and a healthy standard of living they should offer a health & wellness benefit which provides some sort of monthly/annual stipend towards some type of physical activity, gym membership, etc.

If LRW wants to claim that it offers great benefits and still has that startup culture mentality, I think this would be a great step towards achieving that!"
No
Looking forward to the Hawaiian treats!
Ouch.
Thank you for Excel 2013.
Feeling urpy.
The new Pulse format takes more time and doesn't have the fun pictures.  Not as into it.
I don't like the new PULSE survey format. It takes longer to complete and there are no pictures.
"YES!!!!!

Floor 15 - I pressed H2 on the vending machine to purchase a Diet Coke (delicious, right?) but instead, a Diet Pepsi came out. This is basically the ultimate betrayal. I will be speaking to my therapist about this."
I don't like clicking "Next"
I enjoyed using WebEx to participate in learning sessions held at the LA office. The two sessions I took this week were very informative and interesting.
"I don't like this new format of the pulse. Bring back the fun photos on the scales.

Also, there's no way to change an answer now. in the past I may have answered 'how was your week' one way, and then upon actually thinking about it realized it was either a better/worse week than I initially thought. Sometimes I used to complete the second portion first in order to gauge how I felt the week was on each of the 4 traits and then answered the overall question after that."
PULSE PICTURESSSSS....but in all seriousness this version takes about 2-3x as long to take as the old one.
Can we teach a SPSS class, think it would be interesting in learning that or having a refresher.
can we bring back the old survey design?  i look forward to the faces every week.
Why did you make the survey longer? It makes me less inclined to want to take it.
Although the hours may be long, everyone's great to work with and the environment is awesome so it doesn't even feel like you're working that many hours.
"I think that in order for LRW to promote a work/life balance and a healthy standard of living they should offer a health & wellness benefit which provides some sort of monthly/annual stipend towards some type of physical activity, gym membership, etc.

If LRW wants to claim that it offers great benefits and still has that startup culture mentality, I think this would be a great step towards achieving that!"
I find it hard for the engineering teams to relate to Muffin meetings since it's SO focused on the research teams and doesn't really acknowledge the role that the engineering teams play in the research process.
only reason week was "ok" was because i was sick.
We need more space. We need more conference rooms. We need more space. We need more conference rooms.
Can we have more chairs in the 15 Fishbowl conference room?
Please have sandwiches for the next muffin and order more salad :)
Like talking this on a mobile!
Is it possible to have beer on Fridays or something?
"The ever increasing size of the company (# of employees), is leading everyone to wonder where any new employees will be able to have desk space. As it is, several Sr. level employees do not have their own office, making it difficult to discuss/work on sensitive items.

It can be difficult to find an open meeting room, and people are constantly shuffling around to keep BUs together. As seen today, the MUFFIN meetings are overcrowded.  

There are rumors of having a 2nd or new location, and/or obtaining another floor.  To my knowledge, there hasn't been any official info provided, leaving many people concerned.  

As a side note re:MUFFIN meeting, it is nice that food is provided for lunch time meetings, but it seems like not everyone who attends gets food. To further say that only people who attend the meeting physically are allowed to eat the lunch seems unfair for those who have to watch from their desks, either due to concern over space limitations or due to having to work during that time."
If food is only provided to those who are physically able to attend Muffin, then hold Muffin in a larger room. There are many people who would like to attend but physically are unable to due to space (people are already being packed in like sardines in the current room), yet they still participate from their desks and it's not fair for those who would like to be present but aren't able to not to get food.
I miss the pictures in the opening question
#Disneyland
Disneyland Rules! let's do that more often
The old Pulse survey was easier and faster to fill out :)
We need more seats at lunch muffin meetings. I'd rather have pizza.
N/A
Fun week!
Please include a link to past months muffin meeting in weekend update email. Thanks!
I had a bit of difficulty going through immersion. While I feel like I learned quite a bit, I didn't feel it was all too helpful for me as an AIE. It kind of felt like new hires on the Project and Field teams benefited a lot more than someone in IT or Engineering would have. It might be nice to restructure Immersion to address this so that someone like me or similar to me can get more out of it. But other than that, I had a nice time. The food was good, most of the new hires were pretty cool and the free Starbucks refreshers were very... refreshing. Thank you for organizing it.
have a good weekend!
This survey is a lot less fun without the images indicating what a "Totally Awesome" and "Totally Sucked" mean. Please bring them back.
"I'm happy for Josh and Emalie's promotions. They've both provided a lot of leadership as this BU has matured, and they are good people to work for.

I could not be less enthusiastic about an invitation from Talent to ""Team Activity!"" I take the lack of description as an acknowledgement that knowing what to expect would make us all less likely to attend. Whatever it is, I would rather be at my desk working."
"I think that in order for LRW to promote a work/life balance and a healthy standard of living they should offer a health & wellness benefit which provides some sort of monthly/annual stipend towards some type of physical activity, gym membership, etc.

If LRW wants to claim that it offers great benefits and still has that startup culture mentality, I think this would be a great step towards achieving that!"
N/a
I am extra grateful for the cappuccino machine this week.
Jumbaco!!! Jumbaco!!! Oh and we need more conference rooms/more space!!
"I think that in order for LRW to promote a work/life balance and a healthy standard of living they should offer a health & wellness benefit which provides some sort of monthly/annual stipend towards some type of physical activity, gym membership, etc.

If LRW wants to claim that it offers great benefits and still has that startup culture mentality, I think this would be a great step towards achieving that!"
I actually did use Reporter this week
Not a fan of this new survey format.   It feels much longer and more difficult to get through.  Even on mobile.
Seriously, bring back the images. The current shell is boring.
poop
The old survey layout was still much easier to fill out, and faster.
open ends are useless
im actually an RM
:)
Bring back the pictures in the pulse!
Per the MUFFIN meeting last week, instead of throwing a party to celebrate achieving an ambitious margin goal, how about that extra money that would go toward a party get passed along to the employees as a bonus?  In order to acheive the growth goals of this company, we are all putting in ridiculous hours and effort.  I personally don't need to spend more time with colleagues than I am already, even if it is celebratory.
n/a
No.
can we have beer on fridays?
I'm terrified of the upcoming HR event.
N/a
can we have beer on fridays?
can we have a coke freestyle machine & a beer fridge?
Don't feel valued.
Working from home once a week would improve my work/life balance by cutting out my long commute.
I loved the team volunteer event at the Food Bank. It was great to work as a team and help others. I felt good about myself today for once in a long while. I wish we would do these at least once a quarter.
on our website, the spinning globe with all the clients we work with is great and all... but the logos are hard to read since the globe looks small on the screen (on a laptop).
I have considerable stress relating to how I am being managed.
nope
n/a
Pizza Monday's
Need more conference rooms.
It was a good week. Thanks, LRW!
Too many hours and could not plan effectively. Felt like I was running a million miles per hour and not moving anywhere.
It was great to hear so many promotions in the past few weeks within the team but it made me think more. I feel like I am stalled with my career and I am not at where I want myself to be.
Need more conference rooms. Also, we need more projectors and/or TVs. Every conference room should have one, including 16 muffin B and 17 Small
"I think that in order for LRW to promote a work/life balance and a healthy standard of living they should offer a health & wellness benefit which provides some sort of monthly/annual stipend towards some type of physical activity, gym membership, etc.

If LRW wants to claim that it offers great benefits and still has that startup culture mentality, I think this would be a great step towards achieving that!"
Something better than granola at the culture meeting!
No thank you
I'm really enjoying getting situated here at LRW!
Pizza Mondays
Granola bars as breakfast for the culture meeting sets a kind of awkwardly frugal tone
We don't have anywhere nearly enough conferences as are needed. If I book a meeting, I'm not guaranteed to even be able to meet in that room because others booked over me and assume that they get to have access to the room. Especially if it's a Senior Management meeting, then their meeting inherently trumps your meeting. I should feel confident that there will be a room available for a meeting should I need it, and that when I book it that I am guaranteed to have that room available for use.
can we get a coke freestyle machine and beer on fridays?
Is there such thing as a donut machine to match along with the coffee machine? :)
I still want to see the footage of the team who did the tennis ball challenge in less than 1 second :)
None
Changing the holiday schedule 2 months before December is ludicrous.
N/a
"The meeting yesterday felt a little odd. 
It felt somewhat forced. 
I felt like the cake pop thing had a better company feeling than the meeting."
The culture event was AMAZING! I love feeling part of a company that has these values! The event and the values are fantastic!
I have no free time.  I get silence when I say I have to leave work to pick up my kids.
The culture event was pretty solid - much better than previous companywide meetings at the hotel or theater.
Nope!
It would be nice to have beer on fridays.
the new paper towels in the bathroom are not good.  they look and feel cheap.  on top of that, they don't really do a good job of drying hands.  since they are not dense, i find myself grabbing more of them and in reality using more paper.
Meeting on celebrating our culture was awesome!
Although it looks I had a very negative week, I have had a lot of support from my entire team. Upper management especially took a lot of time to listen to me and hear out my work and personal concerns, and have been very willing to work with me in the upcoming weeks.
Super cool company!
Late nights + early morning meetings = sleepy times.   Good thing I've got the weekend to catch up on my work!
the event yesterday was really awesome and totally different than anything we've ever seen. shows that you really care about us. i hope we have more engaging events like this in the future.
Tough week! =(
We need more conference rooms.
"I think that in order for LRW to promote a work/life balance and a healthy standard of living they should offer a health & wellness benefit which provides some sort of monthly/annual stipend towards some type of physical activity, gym membership, etc.

If LRW wants to claim that it offers great benefits and still has that startup culture mentality, I think this would be a great step towards achieving that!"
n/a
thank you for the LRW swag.
The problem is workload
Still really need new coffee makers.
Need more conference rooms. Also the Dev room should be painted with more of the white board paint or we should have more white boards. With the expansion we lost a whole wall of white board wall.
DOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM.
i was out last week and missed the whole "make it happen" thing...any chance there's some document i can read that explains it all?
i will miss LRW. <3
"I think that in order for LRW to promote a work/life balance and a healthy standard of living they should offer a health & wellness benefit which provides some sort of monthly/annual stipend towards some type of physical activity, gym membership, etc.

If LRW wants to claim that it offers great benefits and still has that startup culture mentality, I think this would be a great step towards achieving that!"
Can we please have Noah's bagels instead of Brooklyn Bagels? Also, it would be great to have those mini flavored creamer pods like Irish Cream and French Vanilla.
working ovewr 10 hours for 2 straight weeks sucks and drains you
Why isn't there any healthy options available at MUFFIN meetings? It's always unhealthy junk food.
Nope!
The learning curve definitely continues to be steep.
hello!
"1. coke freestyle machine
2. beer on fridays
3. Noah's bagels instead of brooklyn water bagels on Fridays"
no.
N/a
asgasdh
Happy Halloween!
Two things: for one, we need a real AGM that people can trust to approach for problems - Michelle is not an AGM and she protects the people close to her. Two, there is a someone on our team making deliberate approaches to alienate other people - which includes him going to several members of the team - including senior members - and bad mouthing coworkers on a regular basis. It's an aggressive move and makes it super uncomfortable to be around.
Thanks for the jackets!
In the past seven working days, we've had the culture meeting at the hotel, "Make It Happen - Treat Time!", 128/Engineering lunch/Pictionary, IPS burger lunch, a MUFFIN meeting rehashing the culture meeting, and a Halloween party. Am I the only one getting togetherness fatigue? At this point, lunch meetings are more of a punishment than a reward.
Nitka Holidays can suck, but it gets easier once they are back!
no
I feel like a line item.
Hard, stressful, angry, but ultimately necessary week.  It's all good.
Nope
We need more meeting rooms and collaborative workspaces.
nope
Can we get the little creamer pots with French Vanilla or Irish cream? Please and thank you.
"1. Beer on fridays
2. Have noah's bagels instead of brooklyn water bagels on Fridays"
I am glad to be able to have an open/honest dialogue with my GM about my career growth.
Please make this survey go back to one page!
no
"I think that in order for LRW to promote a work/life balance and a healthy standard of living they should offer a health & wellness benefit which provides some sort of monthly/annual stipend towards some type of physical activity, gym membership, etc.

If LRW wants to claim that it offers great benefits and still has that startup culture mentality, I think this would be a great step towards achieving that!"
N/a
I've seen people wearing the LRW fleece around the office, so I guess those were a good buy.
N/a
We had the team outing this week, which was a lot of fun and a great day!
Slow week
Can we get the mini liquid creamer pods in either french vanilla or irish cream, please?
the paper towels in the restrooms are not good anymore.
I enjoyed our department outing!
"can we have:
1. beer on Fridays
2. Noah's bagels on 16 instead of brooklyn water bagels"
"I think that in order for LRW to promote a work/life balance and a healthy standard of living they should offer a health & wellness benefit which provides some sort of monthly/annual stipend towards some type of physical activity, gym membership, etc.

If LRW wants to claim that it offers great benefits and still has that startup culture mentality, I think this would be a great step towards achieving that!"
"It is not possible to submit my timesheet on schedule if jobs I've worked haven't been booked.

The VR lunch and learn was very interesting. Maybe the next hour-long meeting can be in a room with chairs for more than half the attendees."
Desks are too big and need more conference rooms.
We need more conference rooms.
Great first week!
NA
Slow week.There isn't much work to go around. It's really frustrating to keep asking if there's anything I can do.
Had a great week! I wish I had more to do though...I like being kept busy :)
N/a
see you next week!
"I am not crazy about pets in the office.
I dislike animals roaming freely through the halls.
I really dislike letting animals roam through work potlucks."
Still hoping for a new coffee machine/coffee brand...With the number of people at this company who complain about the coffee, while I don't know how expensive a couple new machines are, seems like that's something small that the company could do to show people they're listening.
N/a
"1. Beer on Friday's
2. Noah's bagels on Friday's instead of Brooklyn Water bagels
3. Have Kleenex/Puffs in the office - tired of using paper towels and toilet paper to blow my nose"
Zero work life balance. Tired of all stress and not enough balance.
Mhh. Feeling somewhat stuck. Like I'm in a tumble dry mode...Can't focus, think, and give things the space they need.
eafefw
N/a
I really enjoyed my first week!
Don't feel I'm being rewarded for my hard work relative to others in the company.
Thrilled to be a part of LRW :)
I really appreciated #GivingTuesday!
"1. Beer on Friday's
2. Noah's bagels instead of brooklyn water bagels on Friday's
3. Have kleenex in the office. I'm tired of using paper towels and toilet paper to blow my nose"
Nope!
We need more space. We are running out of space on 15. All the tech groups should likely have their own floor.
"I think that in order for LRW to promote a work/life balance and a healthy standard of living they should offer a health & wellness benefit which provides some sort of monthly/annual stipend towards some type of physical activity, gym membership, etc.

If LRW wants to claim that it offers great benefits and still has that startup culture mentality, I think this would be a great step towards achieving that!"
I love you
Disappointed that I'm not getting a LRW jacket because they didnt have my size and are not going to order more.
"I think that in order for LRW to promote a work/life balance and a healthy standard of living they should offer a health & wellness benefit which provides some sort of monthly/annual stipend towards some type of physical activity, gym membership, etc.

If LRW wants to claim that it offers great benefits and still has that startup culture mentality, I think this would be a great step towards achieving that!"
nope!
n/a
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH.    That is all.
Everyone has been so kind and helpful in my second week at LRW. I have enjoyed getting to know my coworkers and learning more about market research!
na
We need more space on the 15th floor. The holiday party was very cool (so thank you a ton!) except they stopped serving real food too early. Also, unless you were near the entrance you would never see food.
N/a
"1. Still need better coffee/coffee maker :)
2. I think it'd be really helpful to have an SPSS course - especially for those of us who work with ISA all the time :)"
"Can we have Noah's Bagels?
It would be nice to have liquid creamer, and not powder."
I have really enjoyed working at LRW and look forward to continuing to grow and learn in my role here.
We need more conference rooms.
No, I'm good.
I really think that LRW should follow the lead of almost all other MR companies and offer the time between Christmas and New Years off.
We need more space. IT/Dev/IPS/AI/VR need our own floor. We also need more conference rooms.
Daniel Klubis is THE shit. He is soo smart. Study we are on is super complicated, and he always figures it out.
Merry Christmas!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I have been told by multiple people this week that we should not give clients something they don't already understand.  That is how thinking dies and is the opposite of "so what" and makes me want to work on my resume.
I don't understand why our senior leaders would add Christmas Eve as a work day.  I think that's a sad representation of who we are and what we supposedly value as a company.  Very disappointing.
Nope!
"Please stop scheduling ENG meetings in the 15 fishbowl. The room is not big enough for that many humans.

The week's Lunch and Learn was not very helpful. I didn't feel like I got a good understanding of DevOps or a useful software demo. Andy seemed to know what he was talking about, but not what he wanted to tell us."
"1. beer on fridays
2. noah's bagels on friday instead of brooklyn water bagels
3. have kleenex in the office. tired of blowing my nose on toilet paper and paper towls"
They should not have switched Christmas Eve to a half day. That's a poor display of leadership.
Need more space/conference rooms.
Happy New Years!
Low work hours due to 1/1 & 1/2 holidays.
"1. Beer on Friday's
2. Noah's bagels instead of Brooklyn water bagels on Fridays
3. Have Kleenex in the office because I'm tired of blowing my nose with TP and paper towels"
Happy holidays!
Happy New Year!
need more conference rooms. need another floor for IT/Dev/IPS/AI
I enjoy the company culture very much and appreciate how coworkers challenge each other to be their best selves.
Nah, man.  First week back, zzz.
I had trouble ordering dinner bc my meal was $0.03 cents over the $17 limit.   The actual item was $13.00 which is about average among the restaurants selected for us.  It would make a lot of sense to increase the limit to $17.25 so that tip and delivery don't prevent us from getting a reasonably priced item.  It can be a challenge to find something filling for $12.95 from some places.
I'm so glad Michelle got promoted to AGM. We really needed her in that role. Good move.
"I think that in order for LRW to promote a work/life balance and a healthy standard of living they should offer a health & wellness benefit which provides some sort of monthly/annual stipend towards some type of physical activity, gym membership, etc.

If LRW wants to claim that it offers great benefits and still has that startup culture mentality, I think this would be a great step towards achieving that!"
nope
Exhausted.
n/a
we need more conference rooms. more space. IT/AI/Dev/IPS/VR should have its own floor.
n/a
The globes in the LRW logo remind me of hanging up the globes which isn't that like giving up.
"Need more space. More conference rooms too. Definitely can use some more collaborative space. For something near term, it would be nice if we can have more big white boards or pain the rest of the walls. We lost one whole wall because desks took up that space. 

Also, for such a big meeting compared to the regular muffin meetings, breakfast was fairly underwhelming. Coffee with the favors was rad though."
It's my first week! Fantastic so far
5-yr plan meeting was great
I love this company. I have never felt more motivated and comfortable in a work place. The people are what makes the company. I am so happy to have the opportunity to work at LRW and look forward to discovering what the future holds for me here.
5 year plan presentation was great even though audio did not work all the time - very informative and well done.
Great 5 year plan meeting this morning. I think that being able to aquire another company would be a huge boost in our growth plan, and how it can really help us get to our goal of $166 million
N/A
I think that in order for LRW to promote a work/life balance and a healthy standard of living they should offer a health & wellness benefit which provides some sort of monthly/annual stipend towards some type of physical activity, gym membership, etc.
We need more conference rooms.
Can we please have Phillz coffee in the kitchen??? It is great and would improve productivity!
Can we get some Philz coffee?!
I'm quite frustrated that I am unable to join the ELE training until mid-2015. I have received feedback from my department leaders that I need to continue developing my leadership skills and requested to be in this training as soon as I found out about it in October or November. I need my managers to help support and facilitate my continued growth and my efforts to increase my skills.
I like this company okay, but I don't need a 90-minute pep rally every couple of months.
n/a
The questions pertaining to the values in the pulse are a little vague as to whether you have seen them in action for yourself, or for your team, or in the company as a whole. What is this intended to measure?
i like apple pie :)
I think that in order for LRW to promote a work/life balance and a healthy standard of living they should offer a health & wellness benefit which provides some sort of monthly/annual stipend towards some type of physical activity, gym membership, etc.
this survey has gotten too  long - too many open end follow-ups.
The NYC office culture seems to have taken a non-LRW turn as of late and it's a little unsettling
Automation innovations really can't come fast enough!
our company website could look a lot better than what it does today
This seems less actionable.  I don't care for the new questions.
bleh
n/a
No
Need more space. Need more conference rooms. Should have more areas to write (white boards or whiteboard paint). IDEAS!  Innovate! Also 17 small is lousy. It doesn't have a projector and power cord management is lousy. Not sure why, but the soap in 15 Men restroom never both work. Doesn't make sense. I thought that was odd.
"noah's bagels on fridays instead of what we have now
Kleenex in the office
Philz coffee instead of peet's"
We should promote more recycling.
I have loved my time here so far. Every person I meet is passionate and enthusiastic and willing to help others. It inspires me in my daily work.
Please more writing areas (one of the walls was taken up by desks)/more big white boards. More conference rooms.
I think that in order for LRW to promote a work/life balance and a healthy standard of living they should offer a health & wellness benefit which provides some sort of monthly/annual stipend towards some type of physical activity, gym membership, etc.
5.54565E+11
SRM Retreat: The ladies in charge did an AMAZING job. I'm 3 hours into this week, and I'm already putting some of the things I learned into effect.
SRM retreat was really great! It was a ton of fun, the place was beautiful, but it was really great to get to know other SRM's better across the company.
I had a great week working closely with my team!
I like weeks when I learn new stuff.
CX team is moving up so that is good we are gaining space. Now we just need more conference rooms because it is still a big struggle.
Topically applied fluoride doesn't prevent tooth decay. It does render teeth detectable by spy satellite.
Would like to see healthier food options at company meetings - less pizza and bagels, more sandwiches and fruit
Hi Greg
Amazing to see how well we work across teams, with the recent example of Christine Cottrell and Carly Woods combining to manage and impress a very difficult new client at Marriott
"I think that in order for LRW to promote a work/life balance and a healthy standard of living they should offer a health & wellness benefit which provides some sort of monthly/annual stipend towards some type of physical activity, gym membership, etc.

http://www.msn.com/en-us/money/careersandeducation/you-wont-believe-the-perks-some-companies-are-offering/ss-BBh0IPX#image=1"
No, just looking forward to new beginnings
Almost too much this week, between the SRM retreat (AWESOME) and the Strategy meetings (very compelling) and the actual project day to day (bleh).
"So many meetings about 2015 strategy.
So many meetings.
So many hours."
N/A
"I thought that Jeff's plug to get the Employee Survey done before the Muffin meeting was terribly inappropriate.  While it is important for everyone to fill them out in a timely manner, being thoughtful is far more important than rushing them in and my BU happened to be swamped to the point that even attending the Muffin and HH created a hardship for many and several couldn't go at all.  In short, it was not a very thoughtful request in my opinion.
Scott"
The way our intern has been treated these past few weeks is incredibly unprofessional. His managers have openly said they do not want to "babysit" him to his face and have talked about "dropping him off" to other team members. People have been dropping work on his desk with little to no instruction. There have been multiple conversations in the hallway - in the presence of the rest of the team - about how the intern has made mistakes and he therefore "cannot be trusted." A lot of all around rude behavior to him that is hopefully addressed soon.
3 day weekends are bae. Mendocino Farms as a lunch option for training.
Why can't we get more exciting and healthier food options on Fridays. Really bagels. How about kale smoothies with fresh berries? No?
no
I think it would be great to see improvements in our HR interface. A web portal to access our personal information (benefits, vacation time, etc.). We don't currently have a great way of accessing any of this information.
"I think that in order for LRW to promote a work/life balance and a healthy standard of living they should offer a health & wellness benefit which provides some sort of monthly/annual stipend towards some type of physical activity, gym membership, etc.

http://www.msn.com/en-us/money/careersandeducation/you-wont-believe-the-perks-some-companies-are-offering/ss-BBh0IPX#image=1"
Gracias!
