Disney Data Room went really well for the Europe countries, looking for how to piece the story together with the other countries worldwide.
Delivered a great report to a client
Create automated reports that reduces staff time
Providing an Excel tool for our lcient so they can mine the data more easily themselves
Presented a facial coding study to a new client that could change the way they do concept testing.
Support my team in resolving technicial issues which impact entire company
Client enthusiastic about our story share and making big decisions based on it
providing input on a client q're
well, if all goes well with the first two points they could have a big impact on LRW's growth for 2015 :)
report for a client will have a big impact on their largest franchise
report delivery
budget 2015 exercise nearing completion
the surveys I work on have big impact for our company
I delivered two reports to clients that were well received and one client said it provided them with insights they hadn't know about or even considered
When helping on a project, I noticed how the team was able to turn the data into actionable information for the client
providing valuable suggestions for fieldwork on studies
...and will hopefully have a significant revenue impact, eventually.
Creating presentations to new client for next week
From the 5-year meeting
Attended the 5-year plan meeting, which covered all of these values.
Seeing client's reaction to the VR exercise
SPG will use our new research BayesNet ot assess their performance in the future.
Team member mentioned that current round of disney study objectives is based off of last round's findings
Presented very specific findings to a client that will very likely have a tremendous impact on how they move forward with their website design.
Impacts of last week's meeting
Presented two big studies to a new client in person
Getting Medallia feedback on Client approval of our work
Save time and enery for everyone on the team
Social media stuff for BSM
dave's speech at TEDxEastend 2015
able to have a lot of impact in my role
I'm an intern just starting today. The stories shared with me displayed this value.
Received recognition from a great many different people on a job well done.
I saw how something I created had an impact on our team's efficiency. It is exciting because now it is a system that we hope to use company wide.
impactful studies
identified 60+ bad respondents based on fishy verbatims. notified team. they decided to clean these out and will reprimand the panel (or consider not using them) in the future.
Dave's tedtalk!
Related to entrepreneurial mindset, taking on that data issue allowed me to have a more macro perception of the work I am doing and made me feel as though I was having an impact.
worked on some print ads for the Quirks conference!
The impact I had was immensely reduced staff time and increased quality of reporting methods and tools.
Satisfied a customer who really needed support
Dave's TED Talk
SRM retreat was amazing, we were able to put all 3 of these values on display
I saw a chain of emails where someone was conversing with a client and really put in the effort to be kind and discuss non-business subjects...which resulted in the client reaching out to LRW for more business because of how we impacted their business
ELE participation
ENG 5 year plan
Combination of the two above
Solved an issue that was time sensitive
First hand input in deliverables
I got to take part in some qual work that will have aidrect impact on the business descisions of dollar general
had the opportunity to write a pyramid on a pilot that may feed a larger study with the client.
I clean read a Starbucks study that was sent out last week and will be used to help Starbucks make some pretty big decisions.
N/A
Muffin celebration
Seeing data analysis, and what clients can do with it
working on decks for Quirk's Conference
award winners
Working with Target on my current project has been exciting because they are such a prominent client.
Delievered a presentation that went very high up and will likely have a big impact there
Saw our client applying our recommendations to their media campaigns
Wrote social media analytics proposals for 2 different companies we have not yet worked with.
People are receptive to new ideas
Sympathetic
Have been on the Nike campus with the client and seeing TONS about how our work is being used and influences their organization.
Awards...
