Adele going out trying to win business
I saw people work together to win projects and get things done.
Individual initiatives
People on the team working extra hard to make sure a presentation was perfect
Create automated reports that reduces staff time
Convincing client we can do the follow-yp Qualitative work to the quant study they booked with us - seamless research
Demonstrated initiative
meet with hilary to discuss metered panels and how we might use them/and the data to sell more studies
I felt a level of responsibility that allowed to me to tackle issues on my own and be inventive
This may seem trivial, but when I started at LRW, there were no Kleenexes provided. Today, my team unveiled specially designed ones. I can't express how thrilled I am about something I suggested coming to fruition, even something so small and seemingly unimportant.
I'm working on something "intrapreneurial" right now.
having new joinings in China office, i see the grow of China office and more opportunities for China office; also, new people brings new thinking which can help self improvment.
touch it, own it on a report not initially responsible for
ELE training
When someone was needed to step up and take over a situation, I saw someone not only do that, but exceed expectations.
figuaring out a new sampling plan on a previously running tracker.  Everone was very open minded and wanted to work with my new ideas I could bring to thew table.  A very refreshing experiance overall.
Explored new opportunities to improve process
Working on a new initiative...
From the 5-year meeting
Attended the 5-year plan meeting, which covered all of these values.
Virtual reality talk
Seeing Adele/ Dave in action talking to perspective clients about VR
The kick-off presentation set very high goals for the team in overall financial success, personal growth, and work/life balance elements. While these goals are lofty and daunting the entrepreneurial mindset is the desire to accomplish what may seem to be the impossible at the moment.
Taking on more bizdev opportunities
Examples of my team members owning anything they touch - every day
ownership of tasks
new RA stepped up and volunteered to help project
Within my team, we are making efforts to reach out to others within LRW to support them.
Presented big social media analytics proposal to a client
Shouldn't these questions be phrased to "did you experience/do?"  Otherwise, obviously I will see examples of this every week by at least someone, so the default is yes.  You aren't actually getting an incidence of how prevalent these are.
Innovating new ways to do things.
not available
Took advantage of gaining more knowledge
Emily Ashman solving a 1-week, $2500 task in 30 minutes for Jeff Stonr, in her new capacity.
lots of flexibility in how we do things, innovation is always encouraged and applauded
I'm an intern just starting today. The stories shared with me displayed this value.
I saw, in my cohort class, people going above and beyond to learn from our teacher. They spoke after class to discuss how that person could use new skills to apply to their job to create a new idea.
Team members thinking about a project in a different way and approaching it with a new perspective
We had a data issue and I decided to take a crack at it based on my understanding and past experience. While it did not prove fruitful in this instance, it did allow me to feel that I was owning what I was doing.
I saw opportunities, developed them, and created impact
Conscious Capitalism meeting (audacious vision)
don't confuse me 'seeing' them with me 'experiencing' them
Bizdev opportunites
Jason our RA providing a lead for business to Andrew our MA
Taking ownership of initiatives
SRM retreat was amazing, we were able to put all 3 of these values on display
I saw my team work together to figure out inefficiencies and how to fix them
strategy meetings
Just being able to give suggestions for possible problems
Expansion of VR efforts and used to help build more traditional business
Continued my efforts to automate projects and provide input as I saw fit.
not sure if this falls under EM, but enjoying networking my contacts in the industry to try to fill a position on our team
Participated in task force meetings where we came up with some new ideas to implement within 150.
N/A
reviews
Allowing individuality within the team and taking on challenging roles
Expanding QA and consultant role on Converse studies to ease pain on the core project team.
The ability to fill gaps in project work with innovation work,
award winners
I am working on strategic initiatives for my team today, an innovative new set of ideas for which each member of the team has ownership.
The stories from the 3 individuals who are going to Hawaii were really inspiring and a great way of demonstrating entrepreneurial mindset in a bunch of different ways
I heard about this in the muffin meeting.
People getting the Hawaii awards
Think Big
share my ideas on a blog study based off of moderating 11 people for a week.
Saw the 'if you touch it you own it' mindset this week. Lots of people gone for vacations, and everyone else took responsibility and worked extra hard.
Awards given...so showed this!
