Client needed an ad-hoc request to better help buy media time.  We were able deliver the request in brilliant time.
it's been slow, but i've been working on some interesting "backburner" projects, and that's been fun.
Straight up saved the BR/Gap Teams!
In my entire recent experience with jumping in on this Gap study to fix what the UK team has botched (sorry to be un-PC about this), I feel that I've exemplified all elements underlying both Opportunity and Drive. It's been a huge leadership opportunity, and I honestly believe that my work has helped salvage this important client relationship.
"Strengthened team dynamic
Took initiative (for high standards and project mgmt), and initiative was well received
Delivered on commitments to projects/clients
Worked efficiently, 114 theme for the week
Read media and shopped retail to understand marketplace"
RD Leadership conference gave me great practical ideas for action to improve opportunities in our team.
I asked to ghostdeck slides for a project I'm not on.
Getting to work on EVP stuff for our group.
RD Leadership Day was great learning opportunity
Where is the opportunity in it?  I do not think this applies to IT
I was in Immersion and learned a lot about the company and company culture, and met many other new members.
Experienced a lot at Immersion
Because I had proactively expressed an interest in a certain area, I was provided an opportunity to partner with someone on company initiative and explore skills beyond my traditional role.
What is it?
Being given more leadership/responsibility roles
"I was definitely constantly challenged, given the recent departure of a very strong SRM from my team combined with having to onboard two brand new employees.  This, in turn, provided me with many opportunities to demonstrate formal and informal leadership.  And, I had to be scrappy to solve complex resourcing and staff emotional problems.

In addition to all of this, the RD leadership day gave me a much needed break from the drama at the office and allowed me to step back and think about my leadership goals and the type of environment I can create for my staff with a clearer head."
Some leadership opportunity and inspired standards.
Not sure what "the LRW opportunity culture" is? Can you explain this for the next survey?
Inspired standards - we decided to make significant changes to a questionnaire that was already client approved and programmed because we noticed that the level of impact that the current design has was not very impactful and that it would miss the ability to truly deliver on the business objective.  It will cause some inconvenience on the client side and reprogramming on our side, but we believe it's worth the effort to deliver a premium product to our client.
What do you mean by Opportunity CUlture?
What?
Had the opportunity to travel. Learned a lot on the road with clients.
Every day was an opportunity to push myself and be driven to succeed in my role; it was a challenge, but I believe I rose to it.
Received right amount support while doing tasks that I need more experience in.
I was in Immersion all week.
yeah still not sure... I think so should be a button
While Michael H is away, I have been handed responsibility of ensuring that the next wave of CSAT for Barclaycard run smoothly. This has and will also entail changing the platform - working with a new team of programmers, checking a new program and managing the launch. Quite exciting, and a great opportunity to show LRW what I can do :)
I know what the oppurtunity culture is but don't understand what you mean by did you experience it.
"Took initiative on whatever I could
Suggested different city for qual project that in the end was selected - i.e., recognized problem before it arose
Wrote new syntax using SPSS to check against bases in tabs 
Provided constructive feedback to awaken collaborative approach"
I had some apprentice learning from supervisors and other superiors from my BU
got to take leads on projects I otherwise wouldn't and began creating new and improved progress report templates
i don't even know what that means. how am i supposed to experience that? poorly written question
"i guess i ""ran to a problem"".

one of the teams had to deliver an IBID image solution to a client, but it was obvious to me that they hadn't thought it out.  they were placing the burden of creating a very important methodological piece on the wrong shoulders, so i attempted to gather up some ""experts"" and it resulted in a very productive meeting!  many thanks to Jason Brooks for being an all around seriously awesome dude.  he is an incredible person."
Just a really rough week, with another departure on my team and problems on two complex projects.  It happens from time to time; looking forward to next week hopefully being a bit better.
Got to participate in another off-site client pitch
"Team members trying to give me work that I'll find interesting, in areas where I'm hoping to learn/develop.
Also ITAC Buddy Program."
Got to give an LRW training in an area I'm an expert in
im not sure that these questions really apply to IT.  we try to plan but then 90% of the time there are things that happen beyond our control. same with the individualized development, and work/life balance.
"I'm not really sure what the question really means.
Like did I have drive and get opportunity to show it, one of them, both?
How much is good vs. normal vs bad?
I think this question needs to be revised. No one on my team really knows how to answer it.
It was a pretty normal week, busier than usual as there was lot of studies launching & data scans to check. I dont know really how that factors in, but thats my week summary."
Bagels everyday
Working collaboratively with rest of team to get everything done on all projects
Strengths Finder as a team
I had a meeting with senior management to discuss the proposal re the AI Team (Automation & Innovation).
Many barriers, lack of team orientation within the team, denied leadership opportunities, no meritocracy whatsoever
Too many differing opinions among senior leadership...felt like no matter what I delivered, somone requested a change.  Some felt like changes just for the sake of changes.
Asked to take on more responsibilities within the project.
I saw that there was a project that wouldn't getting finished on time and I offered my help. Through this project I am able to show my talents and will be thought of as a 'goto' for any future projects like this one.
Me, two other RA's, and an intern collaborated to finish off a project for Mattel. It was a nice experience.
mostly drive, this week
What?
was eager to do some work that more senior people would usually do, and i was allowed to do it
Would have been better with more planning from project side as opposed to last minute requests (had a lot of them this week)
I think this question is really vague. Unless it is made more specific, I don't think it will be very useful. Some suggestions are to break out the parts of the oportunity culture, or just ask people if they even believe in it in the first place.
On vacation!
Took a vacation day
Had to lead, had to figure stuff out...how is this not part of the daily routine?
"Tenacious will to achieve and individual ownership!

I'm enjoying the additional responsibilities that have recently been trusted upon me - helping to manage the launch of next wave of CSAT, and I'm keen to do an excellent job of it!"
Not sure
Ran to a problem and people got out of my way, but then followed closely behind to help out.
Got back from vacation and was so pleased to see everyone touching my projects had taken full ownership of what they were helping with, yielding smooth sailing for the studies.
I am not sure
Given opportunities to learn new skills (weighting, writing syntax).
YES! This week I have been constantly challenged by my projects and feel that I am using my "tenacious will to ahcieve" to remove "barriers" and make it happen! It can be tiring :)
"constant challenge - to find and manage an army of resources to cover mass quantities of work that needs to be done on fast timing

leadership - still making time to train my new employees on new tasks and provide mentoring/guidance to the plethora of resources outside my team who have been nice enough to help me

minimal barriers - lunch w/jeff reynolds to talk about my future, get specific advice

team orientation - collaborating with several team members on key analyses to cut down on review time/rework

tenacious will to achieve - managed to keep relatively calm under all the pressure and not let the junior staff see me sweat

commitment to clients - literally doing whatever it takes to make sure my client has an amazing data room next week, including unplanned for extras like social media web scraping

individual ownership - putting off my own work until before/after hours so that i can constantly be available to solve a myriad of problems on two complex projects"
As last week, not sure how to answer this question. I might have. I would say like 5/10 if i put it on  a scale.
I am in charge of my own growth!
Took charge of a client request that positively impacted our relationship with them.
I got to share an excel tool I made for my entire business unit at our staff meeting even though I have only been here 2 months!
BAGELS BAGELS BAGELS
Got to mentor people in my group and other groups on proposal writing
Individual ownership over my first report.
i had the opportunity to high-five folks like it was 1969!
Opportunities were provided but then given to someone else, and responsibilities and priorities were completely unclear. Was discouraged from individual ownership and client commitment, in spite of my will to achieve. Too many barriers, few leadership opportunities, and some team orientation.
Went to Program Checking workshop, lead my first Alert meeting, and was mentored by various coworkers in my BU
I was asked to partake in a moderating opportunity and enthusiastically agreed. We have another study with a newly expedited timeline that could conflict with the moderating; my AGM is hesitating to allow me to do both. I've made a case for my ability to juggle it all, so hopefully I will be heard and able to fit them both in.
Asked to be on a new project to help support another team
I was very self motivated this week and found approaches to streamline my tasks.  I want to do my part to increase the return on staff investment by being efficient with my projects.
My work day ran 5am to 9pm on average this week, but I was really engrossed in the report that I was working on and got some satisfaction out of producing a quality product in the end.
Bagels and Cream Cheese
we create our own opportunities. off the clock.
Problem solving
There wasn't a lot of opportunity this week.
I had SPSS training and learned how to make q're updates
It was cool to have client call by self and also work to get a study which was shut down last year restarted. I guess that might qualify.
Co-wrote/mentored an SRM an interesting big proposal
I got to become a member of project team that I have not yet worked with. The team and type of project are unique and a new experience for me.
Got trained to be an excel Ninja teacher!
Had a few opportunities to coach others on our team in areas in which they are looking to develop.
Never have and never will
.
Was able to learn new skills and also share skills with those in positions above me.
Took a lot of client initative this week.
Piloting new tools & technologies is awesome. We have a lot of potential!
Presented to a client in person
Working on higher level special projects.  It's refreshing.  :)
This is difficult to measure on a weekly basis.
Inspired standards; tenacious will to achieve; passion for solving complex business problems; individual ownership. More drive, less opportunity, as tends to be the case.
Always opportunities to learn, if you ask.
Not getting adeuqate coverage, or support does not have ability to cover.
learned new skills and IPS training
"I was fortunate to witness the LRW Opportunity Culture among a handful of people on my team.  This week was rife with a few field challenges and short deadlines, and I watched my team members run to problems and truly take ownership, going above-and-beyond the call of duty to overcome the obstacles and keep things on track.

From the other end, these situations enabled me to provide opportunities and learning experiences for those that decided to rise to the challenge, which I feel was helpful to their growth and provided some significant experiences."
Going to learn VBA
Yes, hasd the opportunity to do several spur of the moment trainings with my staff.
I was able to work with the project lead on a q're.  Some of my ideas were heard and incorporated while my questions about other sections were explained and I learned more about research techniques.  Yay!
Starting to have the opportunity to take on more of an ownership/leadership role
I experienced individual ownership. I also had minimal barriers in asking senior researchers questions I was curious about for my learning development.
I had leadership opportunities by managing and resolving issues with my CSR countries. I also have continued to received mentoring/training from various co-workers in my BU.
.
Bri's Bridal Shower! 128 rocks!
Do not think our team does this stuff.
i feel more individual ownership this week with the tasks that were given to me
I'd prefer to have buttons to answer this question, rather than trying to go through each item of the LRW Opportunity Culture to determine if I've experienced each piece. This is no longer a 1-minute survey with this question! Hence why "not sure".
.
I'm working on an internal project for LRW which is not only a great leadership opportunity, but also a chance for me to put my inspired standards to work on something that directly benefits the company.  Plus, the topic/business issue is very interesting & I'm excited to see the results.
I got to do a reanalysis of data that takes advantage of my analysis skills.
Got to dig into a new tool that has potential to be a big value-ad.
First time using Excel Author.
bagels!
not a lot of opportunity
Heavy load of project work.  No time to think about opportunity culture, or to do anything outside of project for the company
fail.
I am still able to learn something new each and every week. There is always someone available to elaborate on things I want to know more about.
I asked to be able to travel for focus groups, and I was able to do so this past week.
Was able to offer some more junior employees opportunities to work on some 'stretch' tasks.
I'm stretching into a new role and in my opinion it's been much too hard to run things smoothly. I feel like I need more training on the types of things I'm expected to do but that I'm not really getting it unless I constantly bother people to talk to me for hours on end trying to download their brains for the best way to do weighting, or the best way to set up a deck, or the steps needed to accurately construct a work plan.  I'm being squeezed both from above and below to do more work and I think I'm just constantly getting screwed over as a result.
An SRM on my team got the opportunity to moderate for some IDIs when we were in a pinch and needed a solution. He stepped up and did a great job.
.
no time to elaborate
I took initiative on a couple things this week and hopefully they pan out. I am growing and learning constantly. I'm still relatively new and I am being trusted with a lot more which reminds me that I'm on the right track.
I have been assisting with a project since June, and I've become very invested in it. However, I wish I had been more involved with the pyramid building/consulting with advanced analytics/reporting process. It was disappointing to spend so long working on this project and then not be involved in the fun/so what part aside from pulling and PAPOing report slides that I had no input on.
Bagels, panda express!
learning to solve more problems on my own
"I experienced a lot of great teamwork this week, as my team shuffled a variety of tasks across a variety of projects.

They also demonstrated clear commitment to our clients in getting things done in time for them."
New class with mr. Kane
Opportunities to mentor younger colleagues.  That is always fun and energizing.
When things seem impossible around here, we are driven to find the key to making them possible.
mike kane class
Project team problem solving, group training celebration of saving money on a project.
It was during our case study training
some sweet pulls
We received unbelievable help from the rest of the company during an exceptionally hectic week.  That's what I consider teamwork!
.
got assigned to a new study
Inspired standards and minimal barriers allowed me to take on more responsibility.
at lrw? no.
Working on rolling out new capabilities for the company.
xx
I got to help another group at LRW with my analytical and writing skills, I stretched my knowledge with creating a questionnaire in a business area I have no experience in.
Minimal barriers: Tim missed my reveiw last week, so he made a point of spending an hour checking in with me one on one. It meant a lot to me.
Teamwork in problem solving was a big deal this week! I think our results are better because of the collaboration.
I was given the opportunity to help another BU with analysis/report writing, which does not come around very often.
excel training
My first week at Lieberman was great. I love working with friendly, inspiring, bright people.
x
I volunteered to help out with a study for another team and got to write a questionnaire (totally out of the blue) - what fun!
Too busy with projects to think about any sort of Opportunity
was recognized for my contribution to the website - which was overblown, btw!  made me feel guilty for the credit i was receiving, and i made sure to explain to everyone who extended kudos.
I've been given lots of leadership opportunities with my new study.
Yes, lots of scrappiness and working together to solve client problems
opportunity to learn new skills and get mentored on weighting, tab checking, etc from other team members
Solving complex problems/taking ownership... dealing with USPE
I really started seeing how I can take control of my own growth here.
no
I saw an opportunity to write a proposal...so I did...and our client accepted it!  Just sold my first research project :)
Up and down.  Direct reports were able to step up and take on new opportunities, some of them stretches.  I am stretching, too, taking on things outside the normal realm of responsibilities because I want to and others made the opportunities for me.
I always look forward to coming to work, learning, being creative and doing my job the most efficient and cost effective way. That is my personality and how I've viewed at all jobs in my career.
Tibu dessert party!
Re-visited goals and re-aligned expectations. Feel like there are less barriers to advancing career
Leadership opportunities on a new Cambridge/Hershey study
x
I have been give the oppritunity to run some studies right off the bat in my new field role and while it has challenged me I have grown immensely in my knowledge in this area.
Opportunities to take on leadership roles, conduct meetings.
Informal trainings, setting time aside as a BU to share knowledge with co-workers.
I didn't personally experience them, but hearing about Krikor's future development plans and the excitement around it really shows that LRW is committed to the development of its people!
A lot of drive, not a lot of opportunity.
Junior folks stepping up and taking charge of things
Micro-managing
An opportunity was presented to me (to take on a proposal with Rick/Nancy) and, despite the already heavy workload, I took it on to get the great experience.
No
Had a lot of urgent jobs/reports came in this week, but managed to step up and help out a $400K proposal when no others were able to commit time to it.
Learning more about the PBS work, as we have a new study using it.
I got to go on a solo in-person client meeting to work together and colloborate on questionnaire changes.  It could have been done over the phone but it was much more impactful doing it in person. Commitment to our Clinets
I got involved with problem solving and developing important recommendations for a key client.
I am working on a challenging international qual study with a lot of logistical things to work out. With the guidance of Bret Jonas, plus Eric and Miriam when needed, I've been able to stretch myself in terms of what I thought I could handle and figure out. The project is going very well.
Lots of promotions going on!
Innovation - auto tables, auto pulling tabs.
There have been minimal barriers lately to what I am able to try/learn.
Fielded client call and wrote proposal
Managing two clients totally on my own, QBE & Mun2.
more project management
x
Conducted a client data room in Oakland
I requested to work from home this week so I could stay with my family longer after a family event. My team has been very supportive and worked with me while I've been here! I'm so grateful.
I asked to take on new responsibilities and I was given that opportunity.  I have learned so much more this week than I would have otherwise.
Hearing about Krikor's growth plan and career is really exciting!
working on integrating graphic's in to immersion
I don't know what that is to respond.
15th Floor Sandwich Party!
Taking over Excel Author
mentoring junior staff on team
Interviewing mun2 stakeholders I learned a lot about the business and also I think impressed the Telemundo/mun2 COO with my knowledge  ( :
Project leadership for Winnie the Pooh report pulling
everything took too long
Starting to take on more leadership and individual ownership in project roles, feels more fulfilling.
After completing assigned work, there's always other interesting projects I can assist with.
Staying late on a Friday night to fix up trivial detail is not the LRW Opportunity Culture I hope.
I took initiative on tasks that I wasn't assigned, or that I had never taken on before in an attempt to expand my horizons and continue to develop in my role.
No time to!
Yes, I've been offered a great opportunity this week - I will receive some advanced analytics training in order to take on extra responsibilities in the future. This will be challenging and highly rewarding.
"Team orientation: I had the opportunity to PAPO part of a report as coverage for an RM that was out sick. I also assisted an RA as she performed an SPSS task she volunteered to complete for another BU.

Commitment to our clients: we needed to make DVDs of focus groups, but FocusVision only lets you download .wmv files. I told the SRM that we could only burn these files as data files that would play on a computer, but they wouldn't actually play on a DVD player. We had IT convert and burn them for us, and they should be on their way to the client via FedEx right now."
I got to do the story/write a brand tracker report for another group that had an emergency need.
Helping other teams
Halloween!
xx
I really appreciated Debbie taking the time to discuss my options in relation to the new 125 business unit. It was nice to feel like I have opportunities and a say in my future with LRW.
My projects are multiplying as the clients from finished studies as for follow-up and the clients for trackers ask for more and more specific requests.   This has eaten up my planned time, but the challenge of balancing the requests has been very dynamic.  In addition, requests tend to be more analysis focused than process focused, which makes them more interesting, more results-oriented, and more client focused activities than the typical day.
Sooooooo many things i've never done i had to do!
learning more about PBS and marketing sciences
I would love more responsibility and have ways to use my creativity.
The Exxon Mobil team and I fearlessly looked for a programming house to help expedite our program at a quicker pace. All data collection efforts need to be completed before the x-mas holiday season in 7 countries. Oh, it was tough, but we found one and should hopefully only be 1-2 days behind schedule.
A client pushed up a timeline, so since my manager was swamped I was able to write the entire report for another study.  This freed up her schedule since she only needed to review, and I got great experience in writing/analysis.
with senior people out, I was entrusted with more ... more client interaction, greater responsibility
I wanted to do some tasks that I hadn't done before, and all I had to do was ask my supervisor if I could. He/she was totally cool with it. This has been a regular occurrence recently.
I had a chance to sit down with my SRM to discuss how things were going with me, areas of improvement for both of us, and to figure out any challenges we are facing as a team. She also gave me tips on things I can do to challenge myself and help my development.
Taking on work outside of my 'scheduled duties' because it is something I want exposure to.  Team has been supportive.
Had an opportunity to learn a lot of new things.
I've been given the opportunity to support the management of a new project.
this is a continuation from the sharing section: I also think that there should be more positive reinforcment.  I think a little more  would go a LONG way, especially from the top down. I am not talking about the awards, I am talking in general.  (EG the AGM of the BU sees some of your work and says "hey great job on x.  I really liked how you pointed out y.") I cannot tell you how many times I hear people tell me that someone (usually their boss) thinks that they are a screw up, and I know that it will get to the point that that person is afraid to do something the way that it should be done for fear of being that. For me personally, if I do not know that I am doing something wrong, I cannot fix it.  And waiting for review time, does not work for some of us.  It is better to tell us right away so that we can see what happened and fix it then and there.  9 times out of 10 you do not remember what happened at review time so you can't fix it.
My leadership (RM, SRM, and RD) were all out traveling at one point or another this week and one day all 3 were out of the office. They allowed me to manage several things, like re-screens/recruiting, and program checks/changes in their absence. It was nice to know they trusted me with those tasks (and others) and to see that I could independently manage alot of the correspondence that was necessary for each task. Yet, I was still able to contact them for any questions or issues that came up.
Congrats to Kristy Lee on her promotion!
was promoted
packed week but I love it!
First time that I listened to a final report meeting with the client.
Business trips and hurricanes gave me the opportunity to lead more on projects, stressful to be on an island as an RA but definitely moves the development process forward.
made a presentation to my team and submitted a blog entry for the LRW blog
Lots of collaboration
x
Apprentice learning on parts of projects I hadn't been previously involved in.
Presented research with important strategy implications to a TV client in person.
at the moment it feels a lot more like a "luck of the draw" culture
Excited for Kristy! Love that her promotion was shared with the company and how her story demonstrates the culture.
Provided guidance to different newer Project team members on a number of items to assure solid research is conducted.
Yes, I've been involved in a project Kick Off, client presentation, and reporting this week, amongst many other things.
x
working on a high profile projects
I have had the opportunity to work with my manager, field and marketing sciences to try to solve some data collection issues we are having for one of our projects. A lot of the tasks we have accomplished this week took a lot of collaboration from people within and without my immediate team. I have also been able to help out a few other business units this week, so this week has been full of collaboration/problem-solving opportunities.
Team 128 - god squad!
Still increased opportunities to take on project mgmt roles.
My project leads allow me to be as involved with higher level to-dos as I'd like to.
more responsibility, ownership
Working with GM on interesting problem.
Many moving parts to current ongoing projects but there is flexibility and room for creativity to finding solutions.
Had to work on two trackers and a deck request, all of which kept me reacting and providing specific answers to clients regardless of their helpfullness to the client's business issue.
Individual Ownership: my greatest strength is finding errors and maintaining consistency. I point things out during program checking that others may not have thought of. This helps generate better surveys and data, thus Commitment to Our Clients.
First data room
Teammembers stepped up in a big way to help out on projects.  They took on extra time and difficult tasks but received great experience from it.
Getting to work with a great mentor that has allowed me to be more driven at my job. This has made it easier to address challenging situations.
Lots of challenges ot overcome and a great team to resiolve them.
I was able to train other on tasks that extend their skillset as researchers.
The team won two new projects based on a proposal that I wrote with input from the senior members of the team, and we are kicking the first one off straight away.
Commitment to clients, and individual ownership - putting in extra hours to ensure clients are happy! ... Also got involved with kick starting another IPS project and questionnaire development
activision, here we come.
m
Really embraciong IPS
128 Thanksgiving Potluck!
We encountered a few problems with our data collection for one of our projects, but I had the opportunity to collaborate with senior staff like Hilary and Jo, to try to figure out how to solve those problems.
More opportunities to take the lead in managing certain aspects of projects
While there was a limited amount of time available to spend in the teaching/learning process, I did feel that any suggestions or ideas I set forward were received professionally, considerd, and furthermore was given encouragement to continue to share them.
Free food!
x
Got a tutorial in Issues Docs from my boss, then was given the opportunity to finally write one. Wrote two in 24 hours. Submitted for feedback. Early results are positive.
I saw some people step up and own projects, while at the same time some some people get by with the bare minimum and not take ownership, making things harder on those who did step up. It was encouraging to see those who stepped up, but disappointing to see that if you do do that those who don't step up rely on you to keep projects moving and for you to spoonfeed them the work. I am speaking about observations I have made of other people stepping up and not stepping up, I am not personally included in this account.
communication with various other teams (ex: field, IPS, ISA, etc)
Witnessed team members step up and take on roles outside of their job description, which was a win-win for all.
My personality always expeniences the LRW opportunity or i would not have lasted  this long.
Yes, amongst other things, I took ownership of taking responsibility for managing translation overlays with another agency.
Activision Pitch. Client training at Warner Bros.
x
ability to practice management role
There were opportunities to step up, but time was constrained so I couldn't do it as much as I had hoped.
Just did basic tasks all week
I have been getting great feedback and opportunities to grow!
Could we get cute little poster sheets w/ the culture on it?  I feel like I can't keep straight exactly what I am suppose to be seeing and perpetuating in specific ways.
Eric Asch gave me the opportunity to take the lead on a strategic, challenging qualitative project for Kimberly Clark Professional. The project went very well and the research uncovered valuable insights that are influencing big decisions within the organization. This week, I presented the findings with Bret Jonas and Miriam & the client was thrilled.
128 cookie making holiday station
Team member made a macro to help pull data quickly
Very much enjoyed meeting, and having lunch, with Charles Kennedy.
Ability to volunteer for new tasks that I was unfamiliar with to expand my knowledge.  Assisted in drafting a statement of work for a new client.
A lot of learning under pressure took place this week.
Yes, i am working with my boss to help guide me to the next level in my career. It is very exciting and looking forward to it.
Promotion of Bethany Kim.
x
I've been given a lot more responsibilities, and I've been involved in much more collaborative efforts with more senior people, especially considering my position as a new RA at LRW
building awesome tools
i got to do a more advanced analysis on something that wasn't meant for me. i realized i could do it, nominated myself, and got the work done!
Was given a lot of autonomy to pursue some 709 activities and went after the opportunities.
In the mist of 4th quarter frenzy, I was referred to help create a part of a business proposal for Microsoft. I immediately took the opportunity and created a quality presentation in a short time to the liking of the presenter.
Learned from everybody on the team with access to multiple people from the position hierarchy.
Great brainstorming on EQ's while trying to get those endf of year reports out.
The week was busy, however I was given the opportunity  to get involved in higher level analyses so I made time.
128 Secret Santa
I had some wonderful learning experiences this week.  In addition, there were multiple instances of people showing their appreciation for the contributions of everyone on the team yet done in a personalized manner.
x
starting to finally get involved with P&L
Worked on a different project this week and learned even more new processes for my main client!
Worked to develop a solution with someone on the Dev team, that I wasn't sure I'd be able to do going into it, but with some guidance was able to make a good solution and learn something new in the process.
On vacatiOn!
filled in on rm duties when the rm had to take sick leave
paid holidays!
On vacation for most of the week...
I enjoyed the team training we had this week. It was a great opportunity for everyone to share their thoughts and ideas about improving the business units!
Only a 3 day week
It was a normal week for me but I saw the Oppty Culture in action in 150 (go Ashlyn and Matt)!
Crazy OT money.
collaborated with another BU and implemented some process improvements for a tracker.
able to help on PBS IIM qre. Also continue helping other people by doing tabs for thier study
It was great.
Apprenticeship learning for various studies
I was able to take the initiative work on a report pyramid / draft and lead the story discussion based on my own analysis. As an RM, that doesn't happen very often, and I'm glad our team was supportive of me taking the reigns.
I was able to do things that are on my goals lists for the next promotion.
I volunteered to run a study for another team - pushed my hours up quite a bit, but I'm learning a lot about a new methodology and category!
Got to apply my unique analysis/writing skills for another group's emergency, multiple reports.
Given the opportunity to address one of my goals by writing a q're.  Furthermore, learned excel author in the process which will be valuable to spread to our team.
Sometimes when you ask for something (and availability lines up) -- you get to take on more than you expected!
really enjoying my first days with an intern, teaching her about market research and hopefully keeping things interesting
I just started working here so I'm still getting the hang of things.
With the variety of activities taking place amongs the team I had exposure to a multitude of processes that I was heretofore unfamiliar with, and the support from the more experienced team members.
"I sat down with my supervisor and discussed my goals.  We were able to come up with concrete ways to reach those goals in upcoming studies.

I also have had the opportunity to be part of some important discussions in our new business unit."
People pulling together to help and get the work done, even when last minute requests come in
team 128 is great!
Given the opportunity to do some analysis on a request for a client, the team repeatedly defaulted to "well, we showed them this last time, I don't want to confuse them".  That approach locks us into an early choice regardless of quality, is discouraging of initiative, and limits us to being collators of data rather than providers of analysis.
"laedership opportunities
individual ownership"
Teamwork and innovative thinking
In TIBU, I consistently feel as though I'm experiencing the opportunity culture and am very happy to be a part of this team.
I have a great manager.
leadership at Alert meeting, communication with translators
Individual ownership - Taking responsibility for writing Pyramid stories for a major client
Spoke with management about non-traditional opportunities.  They were as supportive and encouraging as possible about ways to find an interesting path.
we who seek opportunity, create it.
Working on Agilent and doing secondary research for Joanne
leadership roles with field and translators
noahs bagels!!!
I was able to start working with another pod inside my business unit and learn a new aspect of the study process I hadn't previously been exposed to.
I felt entrusted to take on more responsibilities, yet had the support of many on-hand for if it was needed.
i have been given the opportunity to be a leader in an area new to me. I am looking foward to the challenge and hopefully able to excute it withing our department, next month.
I have been challenged this whole week with a complicated study. Fortunately, I have been able to work with my team members to tackle problems, even if it meant a late night for us. I am dealing with different types of problems that occur in field and learning how to solve them, or bring the correct people in to help solve them.
getting exposed to new things all the time in projects, including stretch assignments that are above my organizational level.
Great new goals for 2013 - very innovation oriented
Volunteering to help on other LRW studies
Worked on 2 other studies besides my own main one.
I have worked with several other teams this week to help them get reports out to their clients and launch programs, so there was a lot of teamwork/collaboration and commitment to deliver quality to our clients.
the 2013 innovations list we're putting together is going to blow people away
Commitment to client by getting q're into programming a day early.
I was able to finally do a little bit of analyzing, and not just "copy-paste" type of work. It was very refreshing to use my analytical skills.
Doug won the Pulse dinner for two!
Muffin meeting - review and embracement
I was pleased with my bonus, made me feel like part of a bigger team.
Helping to deliver and interpret banners to our client that my team constructed themselves on Reporter
Continuoustly elevating in my role, and being exposed to new parts of the research process.
Went to several courses.
This week I have spent a lot of time working with other teams and doing mini collaborations to help them get their tasks completed in a timely manner.
Went on a business/presentation trip with David Pearson. I was able to present the majority of the findings and spent quality time with David as he provided feedback as well as business development knowledge. Very important for me!
People taking initiative
I had the opportunity to lead a meeting this week, which was a first for me at this company.
I have gotten to help with another team's project this week and am really enjoying the chance to step up and help with the analysis there.
Felt that my opinions and decisions had a major impact on the way a project was going
128 is great!
Worked directly with the client during ethnos - building our relationship and talking about new strategic initiatives
I am being given the opportunity to lead on a project to a degree I had not expected, and am trying hard to to rise to the occasion.
Even though this was a slower week, I have had several opportunities to collaborate with other teams and even other department in the company, (such as IPS and AI)
this week i experienced "encouragement of innovation and creativity" when Jeff came over to my desk and personally showed his appreciation for some work i did.  that dude basically rocks.
did crazy stuff no one has done yet here.
I mentioned my interest in doing a segmentation study, and my manager said he would try to make that happen.
Had lots of post streets due to clients and got them all sent on time. Also worked on inidividual goals.
In the sense that I decided to come into work because I didn't want to be out of the office for so long, even if I was injured and still sore. You feel so out of the loop when you're gone for just a week, so much happens here!
Jamba juice happy hour while working!
cool travel opportunity for qual
I am a new hire so there were many training sessions (formal and informal), staff meetings, and other opportunities to interact with more senior management and my BU.
I made a few suggestions to my team about the feedback process that we are now going to incorporate.
Given the opportunity to take responsibility for managing the kick off of a tracker study
This week was unusual. There was not too much going on with my projects, so I ended up helping other teams on tasks that were pretty straight-forward. There was not much "opportunity"....
Team work is definitely a big part of our culture, however, we are so busy there is no time to deliver my most innovative and thoughtful work. I do not want the quality of my work to suffer because I am streteched too thin. It ultimately hurts the entire team to have exhausted and overworked team members.
Saw junior staff taking training classes and volunterring to tkae on project stpes to advance their knowledge and themselves.
We generated a lot of data, but not a lot of action.
I was sick this week and it was a short week, which is why my scores are a little lower than i usually mark.
We have not been generating any actionability for our clients, just doing what they tell us to do, even when it makes no sense
I worked on specific goals
I started working on my first study that is my own.  I've been given a cool OPPORTUNTIY to show what I can do, and I think I've been doing pretty darn well so far thanks to my DRIVE. :)
Being offered the opportunity to assist in proposal development
Got to help in proposal development for first time, which was nice because something different than many RMs dont get to help with
LRW does truly appreciate its people. I received very high praise from my boss regarding a special project on which I've put in a hell of a lot of time and effort, and that was quite gratifying (especially given that she also cc'd Jeff & DJ on that email:-).
I'm leading my first project, and it's a great-sized project to hone my project management skills.
Immersion!
Lots of teamwork
I gained insight into the different departments of the company through the eyes of senior management during Immersion.
leadership opportunities
Going through immersion was a fantastic collaborative experience.  However, it did limit my access to some of the other aspects of the LRW Opportunity Culture.
team 128 mystery of the bell
Immersion was awesome, but parts of it were hard to follow.  I did a lot of work on my own study this week and got to tackle more challenges!
I got the opportunity to work on a proposal and was praised for the work i did.
Working on a high profile proposal - it was really enjoyable
Increasing responsibility weekly
Sent out first proposal early in week. Led client story meeting and followed it by putting together report pretty much on own that goes out next week.
Attended multiple training sessions.
Involved in both a new project (VR) and engaged in conversations with multiple people about unusual opportunities in LRW.
I got approved to work from the NY office for a few days in May. That will allow me to meet our staff at NY and experience LRW at another angle. :)
leading more meetings and communicating with vendors.
My project lead is on vacation - I'm taking over!
Cross team effort on a project
been given much more responsibilities; managing pieces of projects and staff
There were lots of team building activities this week.
My manager and team are very good at giving me opportunities to grow.
Received a review that was incredibly demotivating as I embark on a new journey in my career at LRW - placing too much focus on the job I've been told I'm supposed to slowly move away from, and hardly any focus on the job I've been told to push myself toward.  Feeling very confused about what "opportunity culture" really means for me at this point.
Working on Target.
Provided guidance on questionnaire development to the team, to guide in the better creation of a phone to web screener.
Received my bonus check, whihc feel kind of like "opportunity.":-)
After thinking of a potential new initiative, I received verbal support and encouragement from an AGM to pursue it (and I plan to do so).
Was challenged with a task I'd never done before and received positive feedback on my work.
FANTASTIC sales offsite, which highlighted specific ways I can take advantage of even more opportunity
Because of my interest, my AGM asked me if I would want to lead a group book reading for our BU. I gladly accepted and am now excited to figure out which book we're going to be reading about how we're going to implement to help us become a better unit.
i like that the uppers are flexible with us working from different locations. for instance, i work at oc, and they encourage me to go to LA to work from time to time.
I received a compliment for my leadership and action for recommending a book I thought would be helpful and interesting. I was taken aback because I had no expectations of being recognized for doing something so simple and that I would have done anyway ! It felt really great, and made me appreciate LRW company that much more.
I was encouraged to talk to people throughout the companyto determine a career path and/or additional products that might be useful for the company.
Managers are very responsive to requests for exposure to different parts of the process. It would be great to have a better mechanism to be able to connect employees with the types of studies they most want to work on...not so much industry/client, but rather types of studies.  Though industry/client would be nice too.
Stepping up when project lead was out on vacation!
more communication with vendors to full launch a study.
Started working on a couple areas I'd like to focus on.
I got to write my first pyramid this week. My business unit was good about giving me the opportunity, and I definitely took the challenge.
fielded a new business call
Lots of intiative and teamwork going on.
got to attend a pyramid meeting for the microsoft project im in
just did normal stuff
Apprentice learning; encouraged by more senior members of the team
I led a story meeting off or tabs and word document summaries and I got to do sales at a local conference, something new for me.
No development opportunity here, just the same things over and over
collaborated with team mates
Lots of interteam help
Project lead got blindsided with another project. I had to launch a program (mostly) by myself. :)
Got to jump on a few studies i realy wanted to and was able to get some great development work in due to that oppritunity.
I wasn't entirely proactive about gaining new opportunities, so I didnt get any.
I feel like my manager is giving me responsibility quickly with a lot of trust.
I have the pleasure of my job having a heavy emphasis on producing innovation for LRW. So, in that sense, I have opportunities to experience "leadership opportunities," "passion for solving complex business problems" and "individual ownership" pretty much every week. :-)
I was able to help another team with a last minute project that is outside my role.
Leading a project as an RA
im in oc but i got to work in la office today!
Opportunity to take LRW U courses as well as go through more miniature training sessions with more senior members on the team.
Going to be doing some MS analytics after i asked to do some
I had too much down time this week. I understand that "busy"-ness is cyclical depending on what projects are happening, but without challenges from working on projects, there aren't as many opportunities for "Opportunity Culture." If I'm not learning and growing, and more likely to not have a "Totally Awesome" week.
Good initiative displayed
leading a new project with the support I need
just working on new tools to make things faster
Extreme drive, unexpected opportunity
I worked on for 3 different clients.
Did some problem solving with the MS team when figuring out how to check a merged SPSS file against a client's Excel file.
I've been working with an RA to develop an idea around Big Data.  We're meeting with our GM next week. She showed drive, and I think (I hope) I have not stood in her way in terms of pursuing her idea.
I really enjoyed participating in a meeting with Lisa this week and getting the opportunity to put some of my strengths and suggestions into practice. I look forward to more of these opportunities in the future!
I finally found time this week to put efforts into areas where I feel I need to spend more time learning, rather than just working to get things done.  I also had a very fruitful meeting with my supervisor.
I was able to collaborate with several team members this week with understanding Survey Reporter to create their own set of tabs. I've had the opportunity to help find and resolve issues with the tools we are creating for our Intel client as well.
commitment to clients
when a problem arises, opportunity to solve it
Great client presentation this week! Was amazing to see all of our hard work over the last three months come together and have the client so excited and happy about the work.
I was urged to try things I haven't had the opportunity to do before.
opportunity is what you make of it
Taking responsibility for being the point of contact for a client on at least two large research projects.
I am moving into areas of responsibility that I had not experienced before.  Although circumstances are not ideal, and things could be running more smoothly, I find that it's these small hiccups that I tend to learn the most from. Being in a position to experience them can only increase my skill.
Led my first alert meeting!
Participated in my first case study which allowed me my first experience in a pyramid meeting
I asked to learn how to perform tasks that I had never done before, and a member of my team was HAPPY to help train me! Now I can be even more helpful! Hooray!
Team Orientation going over Pulling strategies as a group. SPSS problem solving.
teamwork
Expectations on the 131 team are very high, but significant barriers exist at all levels, stemming from the top.
while i took advantage of many opportunities this week in terms of new business, i'm not sure my boss is happy that i did so
Spread my skills across the company.  Taught  LRWU pyramid class, worked on revising proposal class, worked on a big proposal and helped explain IPS process to AGM UK office.
Wasn't slated to do analysis. It's one of my goals. I moved some stuff around on my schedule; asked to do analysis on a specific part of the project that wasn't on other people's radars; got to do it; project leader was impressed.
sold a social media project
Initiative
Team members stepped in to help out with busy workload.
At the symposium... Enough said.
Being responsible for managing the kick off of two projects, plus writing the questionnaire of another one.
I was able to help prep/check and send out 2 data tools and a report for our Intel client which, I heard the client was very excited about. Our team, as well as marketing sciences and AI really had to pull together to get this done and we did!
Lots of responsibility and individual ownership of client contact relating to launch of new project (including questionnaire design), and being responsible for taking two projects into field.
Was able to participate in some programmer briefings with IPS which was helpful in understanding how to incorporate what IPS' needs are/will be in the excel author file
Got my hands on several decks this week and helped finalize 3 decks in total, providing feedback on them and making edits on my own. Starting a new project where I will have more responsibilites that I have been asking for, which  will be an exciting, new challenge for me! I also have the opportunity to work with some senior team members I have never worked with before.
Wrote headlines for the first time
You tend to like work better when you feel like you have responsibility and that you add value.
yes
Having only been at LRW for under two months, I have been given the opportunity to take advantage of my Chinese language abilities and experience living abroad by working with the Qualitative Team on a study for Converse in Taiwan in May.  I am SO grateful for this AWESOME opportunity to contribute to this project!
This week I fell prey to the Lieberman Lung cough that's been going around my office vicininty. I returned to the office at less than 100% because that's what our team does, and I didn't want my pile of work to be shoved onto others. That must count for something. I hope I haven't been suffering for naught.
commitment to our clients
I had opportunity this week to help another employee develop new skills, but the lack of consecutive free minutes in which to do so made it difficult, along with other tasks that required longer periods of attention.
I've been given the opportunity to do things that I haven't done before, and it was because I asked for them.  My team was flexible enough to afford me that opportunity.
"I am now discouraged to communicate with the project team.

I was told today that I should only communicate via Jira tickets.  And if a project team member calls me I should not answer the phone.  Nothing bad happened.  In fact this project team member IM'd me and said they were sorry for bugging me.  I never complained about it and I never asked my PM to get involved.  
This is all new policy since the start of the year.  I am not sure why anything needed to be changed.  I was always praised and encouraged to communicate with the project team.  I was told that this is our value add.  I completed many complicated projects on time and under budget.  I enjoyed working with project team members and they enjoyed working with me."
Individual Ownership in terms of high levels of responsibility for client projects, and Minimal Barriers in terms of access to senior talent, particularly in observing the BU MD consulting with a client in an interesting meeting involving potential new business.
Moving to and learning a new task on our project.
Planning ahead, forward thinking
there were no opportunities to learn anything new
it was awesome!
It was exciting to participate in my first case study.
Great development this week as I got to see the new business process up close
I feel my managers are giving me lots of opportunities and trust because they sense my drive and willingness to learn and build skills.
I was able to do what I do best this week.
no one is trained...
Got recommended to go investigate Medallia for a potential project
Got to work on a company-wide initiative/improvement taking advantage of my unique skills, and also advise other groups using my segmentation expertise.
The RM on my study encouraged me to do my own analysis before the pyramid meeting to bring my points and share.
Ability to provide guidance on screener and main survey development to some RAs.
I've been asking for opportunities to be more involved in q're development and project management, and this week, I finally got the chance to outline and write a q're draft! I have been receiving feedback and working with the project lead to understand how I can improve, but I was very excited to tackle the job.
I think you and I both know what I'm referring to ;)
Able to learn different processes in the survey launch process via apprentice learning
"I CREATED AND CHECKED TABLES IN REPORTER YAYYYYAA!

Thanks to Graham Veenstra and Linsday Watts for their help."
Was taken off dyamic project because I know how to do it and they wanted to train another person.  Was instead put on a project where the client is hard to manage.  It sucked all my time and actively kept me from thinking.
I helped deliver a report this week that the clients were very pleased with! I've had the opportunity to assist more with the management of projects (which I have been asking for)!  I've been able to help draft more BIP documents, and I'm receiving constructive feedback on them from my managers, so now I feel more connected to the project content and the objectives we are trying to meet. I feel I have a deeper understanding of my projects, so I am able to contribute more to the team!
Miriam and I headed to Chicago this week to do a qualitative pre-test  of one of our q'res.  We made constant revisions on the fly and Miriam was extremely nimble and good-spirited through the whole process.  And all this was a "favor" for Rick - since Miriam doesn't normally moderate :)
Starting to question the saying, "silence is golden."
Got help from other teams.
Worked with a few different studies.
Several members of the 150 project staff worked long hours to meet two critical client deadlines that couldn't be moved and delivered great work with a great attitude in the process.  Really well done folks.
Worked for 3 other BUs this week.
Is silence really golden?
A few months ago, I admitted to my supervisors that I was having some serious trouble trying to find a work/life balance that worked for me after having one child, and another on the way.  As a result, we've worked out a situation that still allows me to be the best I can be here at LRW but also allows me to have the family life outside of LRW that I want to have as well.  These decisions were made a few months ago but I am recently back from maternity leave and so the changes are really coming to fruition now.  I am mentioning it during this weeks survey because it is fresh on my mind after having a meeting with Elena this morning to discuss/clarify my role on the team; and I feel very grateful to work for a company like LRW.
Created Tab specs and led tab briefing.
this week, I was given more opportunuties take a more active role in managing and planning our projects, and I'm excited to say we will be using facial coding and other newer technologies in our data collection as well.
Attended a Symposium lecture
Worked on new stuff, though within my own study.
having discussions w/my manager about the types of studies I'd like to work on, research experience I'd like to get
I was able to do something I've never done before
On vacation!
Minimal Barriers: I really appreciate Josh Verseput taking time out of his busy schedule to answer all my Reporter questions. He's been a wonderful support and resource as I learn to build my own tabs.
Great training sessions on PBS
Do what it takes to deliver to the client
I got promoted!
I WORKED FROM NY OFFICE AND IT WAS AWESOME. Sadly they do not have pastry fridays. Somebody please assist them with that.
I had the opportunity this week to help plan, troubleshoot and execute IDIs we held in New Jersey, as well as discuss the early findings with my manager to start developing the story for the report (which I will help to write). I really had a good week, I feel really involved in my projects and that I am growing more in my understanding of them and contribution to the team.
There is an overwhelming amount of downtime and I checked the class schedule on Halogen to try and work on my personal developement, but there are virtually no classes available anytime soon.
Had an amazing experience this week giving my first solo client presentation (no one else was there with me). Very exciting and rewarding!
Individual ownership throughout the data ccollection process
project nuts crazy ahh
Holiday!
Temawork, training
I've been placed on a study with greater responsibility than my title usually recieves.
I was able to work on a lot of different projects this week by volunteering my time.
This week I managed communication with our tabbers for Alcon while creating tabs for American Airlines in Reporter. I was able to help run and troubleshoot phone/web IDIs for Pfizer with our moderators, and I really enjoyed the insight we received from our respondents. Also I was given the opportunity to give input on our data analysis for American Airlines this week. I'm excited that I get to play a larger role in our projects and I feel more connected to the team and what we are trying to accomplish for each project.
I  have signed on to help with several HR initiatives and also began managing someone directly this week. It's been interesting juggling the management responsibilities and 3 studies simultaneously. The hours have been a little wild, but the opportunities are good ones. Hopefully there will be a middle ground to be able to maintain the workload but not the hours.
Non-responsive AM who won't even pass along key info (e.g. proposal, bidsheet, client contact info) to keep the project team moving ahead on a super tight deadline -- a pattern of unrealisitc timing/expectations + non-response that leaves project team in the lurch.
VR is amazing!
I had a more flexible schedule this week which allowed me to spend time on some miscellaneous "Opportunity Culture" projects.
I stepped up and supported another team while their resource was low. I was able to see the project to the end while I managed my existing tasks at hand.
Crossing the pit was fun and I always look forward to Muffin meetings! These two events definitely made for a better than usual week.
Passion for solving complex business problems: I am more involved in the pyramid/story development for my current project than I have been on previous projects, and it is exciting.
Attended great PBS lectures, many PBS techniques were started from scratch.
Worked with a new BU.
Got to write a q're.
I am enjoying extra projects I'm doing for company initiatives and am feeling very happy with the support and collaboration I get with my team.
Proposal and bids has always been on my goals, but I haven't really had many opportunities to work on them. This week, I had the opportunity to work on 2 proposals for 2 different clients. I was really excited because they are two different types of studies with complete different methodology. I hope this continues so I can achieve my goals quicker.
You touch it you own it!
I'm getting to lead analyze a project for an exciting new client for my team! And I am delighted.
Exciting developmental, non-billable modelling work for the NBA. It's the brainchild of a few guys with category knowledge and interest and I'm thrilled to be helping out with it.
Stepping up when project lead is on vacay.
"1. Senior Management does not listen to us or think about what is best for our development
They are really good at making us feel like we are just pawns in a game to help them make more money, regardless of what we are already working on, interested in and developing
2. Stop telling everyone they are ""close to promotion"", after a while it just become taunting. Actually promote people or give them exciting opportunities to stay, not false promises. Its okay not to promote people before they are ready, but no need to lie."
Worked with other business units.
Again, my managers seem to always be willing to push me ahead in my development.
Commitment to our clients to get additional tab requests met in a short timeframe.
Just started recently, so things have been pretty basic. have some more interesting projects lined up for next week though. The team has been great about integrating me though.
Was able to work on and present a proposal
People taking real ownership of projects
Traveled to Canada for some qual work
We had the opportunity to read "From good to great" as a business unit and I am very excited about the culture at LRW. LRW has a lot of the great characteristics mentioned in the book from Level 5 and Level 4 leaders.
got promoted to RM :)
I had a couple of meeting related to PBS, improving the process and our analyses for LIWC.  It's great to see how the culture of LRW means that we're taking this tool that has existed in academia for years and making it out own.  We all saw an opportunity to improve it and so we're working on that, and we're being allowed to pursue it.
My ideas were well received and appreciated by our entire department, despite the fact that I'm new and hold a junior position.
We had our team building this week and we are all very motivated based on this. We are building teams to execute different things throughout the department. It is nice to see all the motivations and involvement amongst my peers.
There were a lot of opportunities to excel, learn, and lead.
Opportunity to take more of a leadership/project lead role on some tasks in a project
The entire Field, especially the IDC team all together in LA to shared a very excited team buliding activities together and gained a much better understanding for each other.
efficiency of work processes
Team stepped up to own the BIP process for a project and executed. We are now ahead of schedule and better prepared for the next steps.
This was my first week at LRW and all the interactions I've been having with my team have exemplified Opportunity Culture. It's been so exciting to learn about our projects and I have been able to jump right in and start participating in them! My team has definitely been encouraging and provided great leadership. It's made me feel confident, inspired and driven!
I had lunch with my GM, which was a great opportunity to touch base and get to know each other better.
It was great having the International Field people here for Mon.-Wed. It was my first time to meet a few of them. A lot of good ideas were thrown around while we all in the same room, and a lot of fun was had, too. That plus Field team-building made for a really fun week.
Continued non-billable R&D.
This week was splendid. Even as an intern, I felt very involved and informed. Everyone was very open minded and seemed to be working in a diligent, timely, and cohesive manner.
Worked on creating an interesting training
Field had a team building session, which i believe was the first in over 5 years, but could be in over 10 years. It goes a long way for morale when we can learn some, bond with one another and have  fun.  This was a very good session.
International Field Team in.  Great time to learn more about what they are doing and bond together.
I was able to take Field lead on a project, and also become involved in another study for experience.
Spent many hours meeting with senior staff to talk through and solve client issues
my supervisor amanda is giving me a bigger role in meetings by having me lead them and engage more in them. I love it! It is both challenging and so helpful to being on top of my project!
Working with team members to resolve technical issues
Awesome trip to NYC for qualitative work!  My managers know that I have a passion for qual work, and offered this project to me as a opportunity to do what I love.
Observed (from afar) David's 2 day meeting with Nike, which really showed commitment to them and to the work we are doing for them.
Don't enjoy being micromanaged. Also don't enjoy my ideas getting shot down.
I've been introduced to a lot of new skills in the past week. I'm having mor of an opportunity to participate in higher level work.
I was able to join the web analytics team when my interest in that space, the chance to join Sean Fleming's team and the support of my business unit all collided in burst of opportunity culture.
got encouragement for my creative efforts!
i got to attend a presentation by one of our clients (Disney). it was really cool to see what the final direction they used our research for not to mention helpful.
Amazing company meeting!
I experienced the team orientation element of the LRW Opportunity Culture.
Getting to run my own little impromptu training session today.
Orientation with Jeff Reynolds was awesome! The introductory courses and orientation with the president made me feel more more welcome than I had felt in the first three months.
Presented findings to a client
My teammates were more than happy to let me help out on projects where possible, even though I only just started here this week! I kind of wish there had been a little more of it to fill time after training, but I'm sure that'll change soon!
Franchise and CSR presentation at Disney on Thursday
The Muffin Meeting and President's Meeting was a great way to learn the values and mission and see it in action with the ROQ.
Worked with team members to resolve a few issues.
Through cohort training and learning my new position, I feel I've learned a great deal about LRW's Opportunity Culture. There are a lot of areas for opportunity and making a difference to further my career and be a strong asset to LRW.
Was added onto yet another study, in order to manage the data collection portion. This is a great learning/training experience for me.
First week, so hard to evaluate!  I felt like I got busier as the week went on, which was great, but everything takes me a long time to accomplish, or at least longer than it should or hopefull will in the future.
I had several people from other teams reach out to me offering their assistance.  What a refreshing change from having to hunt down resources!
Never have I experienced LRW Opportunity Culture.  Only the dark side of it.
Muffin Morning...
It has been somewhat frustrating, a project that I've been working on has encountered a lot of problems and delays. However, it has given me more of an opportunity to take on some new tasks and responsibilities.
I was nominated to be trained on the NetBase software for Web Analytics, so I'll be one of two people on my BU fully trained in its use, which is pretty rad!  It'll be a really great skill to have and I'll really enjoy being able to help out with projects and business development in a new and exciting way.
Solving internal client problems
Got to use my skills to help shape a very story-driven report from a complex set of data.
I had a plan for how to split work with a colleague that was different than the plan laid out by my manager.  My manager simply asked what they could do to help facilitate my plan, rather than questioning it or trying to talk me out of it.
Came back from vacation to discover my project teams' progress as they truly stepped up to a few challenges, even when outside of their daily/typical responsibilities.  Awesome to see.
I was on vacation all week
Short week
I had direct access to Senior talent that helped me gain perspective and my path for development.
Muffing Meeting
This week I've been able to train with my managers on some of the financial aspects of project management. I have also been able to train our intern on smaller tasks and delegate some of the tasks for American Airlines to him. I think that this week (and the last) have required us to focus on teamwork more, which has been great. Also, my responsibilities to the team are still growing, which is always great!
Learning new programs, helping me be a better asset to the team
I got to work on some tasks I had never tried before
Week was just a grind, little time/opportunity to elevate
I wanted a document of SOPs for the dept.  I started a draft and met with my manager and head of dept.  The dept. is now collaborating to turn that draft into a robust document of guidelines and procedures that cover all aspects of our work.  The collaboration is producing a document I could not have created on my own.  All I had to do was initiate the conversation and involve my team.
"continuation of ""Anything else you would like to share?""

...but run graphics more like field, and EVERY BU shares the cost burden, and will get equal access to graphics resources, AND graphics responsibilities for individual graphic specialists will naturally even out, resulting in much more manageable and equal workloads.

also, do away with this silly ""some graphics people come in late to cover after-hours"" thing...it gives those who come in late little to no incentive to help out the rest of the graphics team - heck, they already come in late and already have to stay late just to make 8 hours.  making them stay an additional 1-2 hours past 7 is dumb - why would they want to do that after an already long day?  ask yourself this - how important is it to have that after hours staffing EVERY SINGLE DAY OF THE WEEK?  and how often do the ""regular hours"" graphics staff stay late???"
Lots of collaboration within the team, including senior level like myself and Jon pitching in to train and mentor junior staff "in the trenches".  Also, Amanda steps up significantly in program management of a huge, complex program working throughout the night and previous weekend to own that program.
Most of the work I was involved with was fairly tedious, but a long term project I'm involved with continues to offer me opportunities for personal growth and leadership.
client presentation
Had lots of opportunities to learn about different projects
I was brought in to run a new study under the supervision of another SFD :)
I learned that I would get my first direct report, and my management team brought me into the conversation to make a decision.
Got to design a presentation with the most synthesized story and graphics and talked to 3 separate clients to develop new business.
was offered to go to Jacksonville for shopalongs next week. very excited!!
Got to create my first report slides.
Got to attend some very cool advanced training this week... It's great that LRW is forsighted enough to see the value of such investments in our people.
I trained new FA folks. Always fun to share knowledge.
People halping others
Got an informal intro to PAPOing courtesy of a teammate
Striving for efficiency and working as a team
I more or less was given the task of being a project manager despite a very short tenure at LRW so far. While extremely daunting, I was very happy to have the opportunity and run with it.
Opportunity to train others
I have had the opportunity to step into a major role on one of my projects, and have been able to manage things in the face of ever-changing client requests and many moving parts.
I, pretty much, was delegated to run an entire Qualitative study.
I got to work on some things I have never worked on before, and people took the time to try and set me up with those opportunities.
i got to attend the nationwide mutual funds segmentation dataroom. i was given a manageable role, learned a lot, and had a lot of fun! exhausted though.
went to Jacksonville FL for Dollar general shopalongs
I was given the opportunity this week to control the flow of the UPS project. With so many moving pieces, I was able to demonstrate my ability in managing a project and team.
I was able to work on a proposal, which is a new skill set for me.
I'm not sure it is something you personally experience every week. I have "observed" the opportunity culture for people that work for me. does that count?
I played IT and help WA set up their meetings on WebEx. Now I know a lot more about WebEx!
Commitment to clients/  Following up and providing information in a timely manner
The other people on my project team stepped up and fulfilled roles outside of their realm of experience, getting new experiences, helping the project go smoothly, and helping delight the client.
Got to pitch in an emergency and write a topline for a project I'm not on
A lot of this week was spent pulling for various other projects, mostly for other teams.
I helped launch a new lecture series through ITAC (LRW LIVE), which was by all accounts enjoyed by everyone, and I got to have lunch with our SoWhat? speaker. Pretty banner week!
I started fielding a project with some senior supervision.
Developed a wizard for choice models and was allocated time to show it off to my department.
Got an opportunity to take on questionnaire writing. I am very excited to give it a shot even though I am new to it!
I loved the So What? Speaker and the LRW Live!
Too exhaused to talk about it
Looked ahead and saw that I had will have some free time in the upcoming weeks (due to one of my studies being cancelled) and was able to reach out to teams that could use my help in those next few weeks.
Being able to attend focus groups was absolutely a great learning and growing experience for me.
People strectching themselves by taking tasks that may be a touch beyonjd their normal reach
LRW Live with Andrew Chizever was one of the most exciting presentations I have seen since I've worked at LRW! I wish we had more events like this!
ABle to help out analytics on some analysis. Also wrote Qre, led BRM meeting, and other stuff that made work more fun this week.
I got to travel to see some focus groups in San Francisco. It was my first time seeing focus groups or traveling for work at all.
Mentoring Project Team on a screener, providing suggestions and guidance.
I was able to take over some of the responsibilities for my manager in order to help her launch 3 programs in the same afternoon. I was able to handle interaction with the programmers to make sure all program changes were correctly implemented before giving the go-ahead to launch. It was great to help her out, even though I am not on the team for the study.
Worked on one project.
It seems like the longer someone has worked here, the more resistant they are to listening to newer people's ideas or opinions.
I was able to hold an informal weighting training for 2 RAs on my team.  It was fun to be able to share my knowledge with them, and to see it "click" for them!
Web Analytics training- It was cool to learn that Sean has been with the company less than 2 years and started this group. He is helping shape the future of this company!
Planning an event - had the opportunity to do as little or as much as I wanted, so I really felt like I could make it my own.
"We're working through a situation that to me seemed more competetive than collaborative.  Wheels are already in motion to address this and I'm confident that the sense of competition will fade once roles are defined.

If we want solutions in jQuery, we should encourage everyone to improve in that area.  If we want to keep solutions within Dimensions, we should encourage everyone to work within that constraint.  But, if we want solutions in Dimensions, but praise solutions in jQuery, it becomes unclear to SE's where they should be focusing their efforts in order to improve in their role."
Individual ownership.  Working to improve efficiency and speed of execution to acheive results
Looked for opportunities on my current projects where I could take more of a leadership role.
RD Leadership Day - collaboration, learning and gaining a better underst6anding of gnerational and communication styles.
There was an issue with getting vendors paid on time, and we worked together with our Accounting department to make sure the payment arrived just in time for the study.
This week our team had a "Tenacious Will to Achieve" by being committed to getting our client what they wanted in a short time period. Kudos to Stephanie for all her hard work and patience with a difficult client!
Gave feedback on report to help organize the pages to be more supportive of the summary, and hopefully easier for the client to navigate.
Went to San Diego to present research to Sony to answer some important strategic questions.
was on vacation
Slower week with less work, and not much from the rest of the team.
I had the opportunity to help out several teams this week as well as aid in the reporting process for Baxter. A lot of team collaboration went on this week! I also helped check several programs and worked with the teams through some of the programming issues that arose.
The Web Analytics team- it is cool seeing junior level staff creating a new team!
bagels!
"*Sorry for such a long survey length- I forgot I had the survey open*

I was asked to do a translation overlay for a CAPI program. I liked it a lot, because I like langauges. I think we should start our own in house Translation serivices- like the IPS of tranlsation."
my supervisor Amanda Woods is a great listener and definitely mitigates some of the stress that come out of this job! she also takes my general feedback into account to improve and make lrw a better place!! im so grateful for her!
I got to work on a proposal, which is a new skill for me and a new opportunity to display talent.
We had our first book club meeting.
I am becoming more and more integrated into the projects on which I work.
Individual ownership.  Pursuing a problem until it's resolved.
Got to write a creative proposal
I had an efficiency idea that I shared with my team. Others agreed with my frustration. My GM let me set up a meeting to discuss possible solutions and empowered me to create a more efficient system.
VR opp from Jason Brooks
I had a great week! I got to learn more about reporter, work across several teams, train my RA, participate in stretch projects I really enjoy and be coached by my boss. All in all, it was a really stellar week!
Worked on many different projects.
Got to lead an Issues Meeting!
Management of social media project
"I though we stopped ordering from Mika Sushi because they were bad.
They're still bad."
Held a meeting toward working an initiative that I'm driving. Nobody told me to do it, but there's active support from my boss and others.
So many people stepped in to cover th bases, help and get things done.
being able to use my past experiences to mentor junior staff
Given more opportunities to take a lead on things
Worked on 7+ projects?
Things aren't the same with Michelle gone :(
Clean read a questionnaire, which was new.
Web Analytics team!
bagels!
Ideation of ways to use social media in reports by all team members and interviewing new possible RAs
I was brought in as support for studies that were being covered by one of my colleagues.
I was given the opportunity to take some ownership in getting the Intel Tablet A&U program ready to launch. Enjoyed the responsibility and stress.
The week was just a grind getting through what we had to do
We had an awesome session discussing DISC with our team. I am glad we get to have opportunities like this to improve our work styles and learn more about the best ways to work together!
led first alert and BRM
Opportunity to be a key part in client meetings and to work on a proposal
Both personally and someone that reports to me. Getting involved in things that interest us.
First week on the job and I have been immersed into the data collection and project process pretty thuroughly. The access to high level employees and the ease of communicating with them is a great help to learning the ropes of LRW work.
Went to lunch with a client we haven't worked with in a few months and got them interested in a PBS capabilities presentation to follow up.
But looking forward to exploring!
Orientation has been a great experience so far - I feel incredibly supported by my manager and research managers. More senior managers have been supportive and accessible too. Constant communication is great, and I can see all of the teamwork that flows throughout the company. The fun, laid-back vibe in conjunction with great work and service to clients is evident. The Opportunity Culture has been spoken of a good amount, and I'm excited to keep learning, growing, and putting it to practice.
Did some apprentice-style trainings with some newer RAs this week.
"Put together a proposal
Going to lead data room next week"
Got to participate in creating a capabilites deck.
The cupcake party and yoga were both awesome!
promotion yea!
New RA started this week!  Glad to have someone to develop.
Met my big buddy and many others around the office who were helpful.
People in my department shared the work, as needed, and helped each other solve study issues.
I got to teach a class this week, which was awesome. I enjoy opportunities for touch points with new employees and chances to work my innate skills of training and development.
People stretching themselves
I don't know what LRW Opportunity Culture means.
Between Immersion and a big client project there was lots of ways to learn and grow this week!
I was able to do weighting from start to finish and was given a chance to work on the ghost decking - interesting opportunities like this where you actually get to do the analysis make work much more meaningful and enjoyable!
I was able to manage the program checking process for the AA Ad tracker and we successfully soft launched and fully launched this week. Also, I am helping to train our rotational RA, which is a great learning opportunity for both of us. Even though it is really busy this and (the following week) I'm excited to be able to take more active roles on all of our studies :)
This week I took part in a program class, and I also had one on one training sessions with people in my team. I learned a lot more than I knew the previous week, and feel excited about the future to come at LRW.
Immersion was both fun and educational. I definitely feel like a bonded with a few of my fellow co-workers.
I got to present ROQ!
I met new LRW people and chatted with them about their careers, etc.
cool studies, kids and messy fun, a voice in my career path at LRW
Immersion this week meant that I felt very behind on multiple fronts and make me feel like I wasn't helping on projects and missing opportunities to do new work.  Obviously necessary, but a bit stressful.
Had a great orientation meeting with the GM of my BU - and it was uplifting, inspiring, challenging and supportive - all in all, I feel welcome and a part of the team here at LRW.
I was able to help people on different teams and learned some new skills from it.
Learned about future possibilities through Immersion
A McKinsey study was already behind. I knew things had to get done, so I worked around the clock moving translation files for 15 different surveys through different rounds of checking in different timezones to maximize the time of day to get things done. Our field person is also in a different timezone in London and I took the opportunity to step up and handle the launching of the first 3 of 15 programs to make sure things stay as close to on track as they can. MAKING IT HAPPEN! (while slightly miserable in the process)
Folks on team have been jumping in to help each other.
Too much reactive teaching, and not enough proactive teaching. Meaning that instead of being guided in doing something, there is lashback when something isn't done correctly.
no
"Senior staff in Marketing Sciences has been very cooperative on a development project we're working on.

Currently partnered with a project team that is very receptive to input.  This allows me to lend my experience to the project instead of just my scripting skills.

I'm starting to view my department's role as more than just programming - we are becoming consultants in all things data (collection, translation, sampling, fielding, quotas, coding, weighting, analysis, reporting).  Credit for this goes to our management."
Got a stretch opportunity on a cool project!
Everyone is super awesome.
I had a great time meeting with my team this week and discussing the book The Happiness Advantage. We went outside and relaxed while dicussing ways to keep ourselves happy at work, even while doing unexciting tasks.
leading BIP
Team orientation.  With all of the key leaders on a study being out on vacation, the client happened to flip out about some data.  Several team members jumped in to help rectify the situation and keep things on track.
Teams jumped in to help.
Still figuring everything out
Spearheading a datascan.
members of senior management came in to ask about how we are doing and if we needed any help
A colleague was out with a family emergency and religious holiday so I helped cover on of their studies. I basically became the main Field contact for the study.
Well, I am in Lagos.
created an alert doc and checked a data scan on my own for first time
Teamwork
This work week was really slow for 131 RA's so I had the opportunity to branch out to other business units and see if they needed any extra help.
the only good part of the week
Team stepped up to handle a heavy workload and took on responsibilities outside of the usual.
I helped out many different business units, not just my own, and was able to work on different projects.
I was able to begin re-bidding project costs.
My boss is forcing me to work on a religious holiday, which violates all of my beliefs, in order to meet TCJ requirements.
got to take more responsibility with a report
Because I brought it up, my team is looking for ways to help me learn more of the analysis side of projects. Thanks to them for finding opportunities for me.
Still learning
The team pulled together extremley well to get the Micro report and presentation done in time.  Lots of hard work and cross coordination between OC and Chicago office, but the team pulled together and got it all done.
Worked on only one study.
I just feel like my ideas are always deemed valuable despite being a junior position.
I put myself in the position to learn new skills and gain an increased role in particular projects. When granted those opportunities to lear, I made meaningful contributions and was able to learn more about the process from my superiors.
Ed told me about not necessarily always taking in things told to me by higher ups automatically, but rather thinking about it and making sure it makes sense because higher ups can make mistakes as well. And also to not be afraid to ask questions when things don't make sense or when I don't understand why things are done a certain way.
anytime i get to work on something that's not for my BU because my BU is awesome enough to allow me to work on something that's not for my BU, i consider it an LRW Opportunity Culture moment.  the past couple of weeks, 143 gave me the opportunity to work on something for the marketing team, and it all added up to success!
Teams helped each other.
I enjoyed helping out a couple of LA BUs this week - nice to have  some extra variety! Also helping out on a couple of proposals is great experience for me.
Minimal barriers to implementing my passion of the Hispanic Initiative.  Dave was very supportive and encouraging.
Dept is receptive to innovation
helping some of the IPS team come up with image specs for programs - great opportunity to share knowledge with the rest of graphics and help expand roles...
Lots of things to do to help with other projects, but nothing new from the process.
I've been sick :(
I had the opportunity to input client feedback to a questionnaire and I took advantage of that opportunity.
still new
I witnessed the tenacious will of my co-workers to succeed in delivering a top-notch product to our clients, working into the night and coming in early. I witnessed their tireless efforts to check and recheck programs, and to carry on despite all the frustrations. They were inspiring.
Really slow week, had to reach out and find my own work to fill the week.
People taking advantage of training.
I am starting to completely run studies under supervision, and I am beginning to synthesize original solutions and ideas to issues that are relevant to our department
"for yet another week, most of my time has gone marketing efforts for the company as a whole.  if 143 is allowing me to work outside the BU, i'm seeing this as an LRW Opportunity Culture moment!

also, i've been helping ips with guidelines for the production of images for programs.  i added some content that would be relevant for graphics specialists company wide."
Immersion was totally awesome!!!
Got to participate in a data room!
Learning about an analytical technique I don't know a lot about, for a new study
We were in immersion most of the week so I don't think I experienced it directly.
i experienced our team's tenacious will to achieve finishing our projects this busy week.
Was given the opportunity to take on more responsibility with a small project
Got to work on many different projects and help manage process.
I got to be involvde in a lot of different processes for the first time.
I am starting to bid studies and become a Field lead on projects.
Looking for more efficiecies
I had the opportunity to take ownership of key kick off meetings for an exciting and interesting new project.
once again, working outside my BU on a project for the TMRE 2013!
I was given the opportunity to engage a new task on a custom study.
I was able to be more involved in the research process this week and had a really great training session with DJ Jefferson about Measuring Importance.
I saw illogical data in a data scan and was able to talk to the client to get her buy in for a new question to be added - to a tracker!  I'm excited that next year we'll have better trended data for this question.  Its nice when your team allows adjustment even on something as settled as a 8+ year tracker.
Team Orientation during Kick-Off meeting this week: Got a chance to review overarching strategy and develop a timeline on how to complete the study successfully.
Account teams going after the gold and really making contacts
It was a good week. Got to know team better.
I was brought on for more complex tracking studies and also to completely run ad-hoc studies on my own.
I have been given a chance to do some interesting work in an area that would help the company, but my non-opportunity tasks have taken up all my time and then some.
I experienced the team orientation aspect of opportunity culture this week. I witnessed team members asking for help when it was needed and other members, including myself, not only rising to the challenge of helping their comrades, but also offering to help even without being asked.
Got out of the office to pitch to prospective clients
Getting to work on new, complex projects.
I provided guidance to a new Project Team member on screener development for a qualitative study.  Though it added to my heavy workload, it was good to be a mentor and be helpful to the team.
Playing a key part in clients meetings and project management for a new project
Great classes and team lunch. Feeling good individual development on my own learning and within my team.
Colo Crew
i usually work remotely in OC but i got to work in LA last week. and we also got to go up to join our BU in a lunch.
I've been slowly learning how to manage tasks that demand a heightened level of responsibility. I feel that I am learning and growing.
I got to train my supervisor in Survey Reporter!
One of the projects I'm working on is very basic, so the project lead has had me manage the day-to-day and even write the pyramid doc despite being a relatively new RA.
New hire orientation
Good RA/RM forum
While out traveling, one of the project teams I am working with on Pearson's team really stepped up and totally owned the programming process and the client-mgmt aspects that come with it.
I got to have a more active role in managing a custom study.
got the opportunity to help IPS put together a spec guide for image preparation for programs...gotta help roll it out by teaching it to the graphics team, as well as anyone else who preps/mods images for programs...
One project.
my manager asked me what types of work I found more interesting or if there were specific types of studies or clients that I would want to work with more often
Teamwork
As I'm fond of saying, an opportunity is just a rope with which to hang yourself without the support and/or resources necessary to succeed at the task.
this job sucks
We had an awesome, team-fun event on Wednesday (30 min long) to play with our new Wii!
Several of the various project teams I'm on let me steal work from more senior people to give me some exposure to things like Q're development, project management, etc.
I assisted my team with working out of my normal job function
I have been working with various project teams (Pearson, Gormley, Chicago/Paul) and I've witnessed many people stepping up and taking full ownership of the projects they are working on.  This has been a particularly tough time for me given my other workload obligations, and people have selflessly saved my ass from being too overwhelmed.  Awesome to see.
I have been challenged in several ways this week and had to find solutions do several problems regarding Qualcomm data quality and tabulation. But I haven't faced this alone and my team has been working really hard to keep this thing going (Go Team!) Kudos to Sam Baker, Stephanie Alvarez and Marilyn Fendelander. Besides Qualcomm, I have been able to to more involved with the planning and execution on other projects (both qual/quant) which has been good too, but it has been a challenge to balance it all (definitely a learning process). Long hours but still an okay week.
People really thinking about how to enhance client reports through use of graphics and other anayses
Sometimes you just need to ask the right person to get things moving
Ability to continue to train on new software and get opportunities to work outside the scope of my general job description.
I've continuously been given more and more responsibilities.
worked on material for TMRE, as well as for HR.
I experienced project people getting together and analyzing how we could work more efficiently and still create the same high-quality results for our clients. Everyone's ideas were given consideration and discussed, even if just briefly.
Getting involved in European reporting for Nike. Really good to be doing such varied tasks at the moment!
Difficult to determine workload, so estimates from last week weren't as accurate for various days this week.
Taking ownership of program checking coordination for a large study
I've been allowed to make decisions with more responsibility attached to it.
Asked the right questions to the right people in order to complete a data scan as efficiently as possible.
got to take more charge of a project
There was a push by my superiors to see what things I wanted to do and what projects I wanted to work on and to try to get me on projects I would be interested in.
Was given the opportunity to go to TMRE which was a great experience and gave me lots of opportunities to get additional reps with 'live-fire' conversations with clients/prospects.
I went with jasmine to help out at uci's career fair. We got to talk to a lot of prospective lrw employees and show them the lrw spirit.
People volunteering so they can learn more about advanced analytics even though they are already working very hard.
Getting deeper involvement in other BUs projects. As well as a chance to observe fieldwork.. Lots of interesting things happening at the moment!
First week at LRW!
not much to say!
Opportunity and assigned to work on my first qual study.
Web Analytics!
I co-managed the program checking process, putting together a paths document.
On multiple projects but not getting the opportunity to own anything.  Very busy, but without professional direction.
but I'm going too soon I hope
na
I was given more responsibility on a study to "do what it takes".
I learned new things this week and feel like I am progressing smoothly. :)
Travelled to SF for a Gap meeting
Team stepped up for a data room and they were able to create opportunities to lead portions of the meeting.
Cool innovation presented by Dave at Muffin meeting - LRW rocks
My managers have provided me with more than enough opportunity then I can ever ask for.
I got to be part of trainings for the new Training and Development hire. These were very interesting and engaging.
Getting involved in lots of new aspects of qualitative project management
Collaborating with another BU on their Kohler study.  I attended IDI's for them and will be writing their report.
I was able to use my personal expertise and knowledge of China to help design targets and parts of the questionnaire for our project team.
Learning new things and people are doing a great job at teaching me stuff. : )
I really enjoyed the Process Efficiency results meeting because it gave me a good big-picture sense of how our BU has excelled and encouraged candid and collaborative conversations on how we can improve our processes internally and with other groups. As a new employee, it's helpful to see senior leadership of the BU so passionately involved in reaching for ever better results and to help identify ways that we can all make our work flow better and smoother. I've felt that the times I've felt most empowered at this job are when I know where my efforts stand in relation to the entire work process and I can know what end my work is contributing towards. Then I feel much more engaged, excited, and focused.
soon
I'm still waiting on my 6 month review and I've been working at LRW for almost 8 months.
I got to make slides in a report all on my own for the first time (as in got to design them, choose what tables to use, colors to use, etc). Loved it!
I have had many opportunities this week to take the lead on managing translations as well as the program and tabbing process. While most of my team was traveling earlier this week, I was able keep our projects moving (of course with their guidance and support, GO TEAM!) :) Pretty busy week, but good overall.
There was a lot of focus by superiors to have me work on new tasks I had never done before. Even though this would be less effective for the project as a whole, they were alright with the inefficiency if it meant growth in my skills.
Innovative thinking for report
I'm now leading a few projects in field.
Reached out when people needed resource help
I have been given the opportunity to lead a study and act as the client contact. I've already been in touch with the client and have answered questions regarding the study already.
check ups by managers to see if there were any tasks/projects that I particularly disliked or any that I particularly liked. Was nice.
Was handed a global segmentation this week for an emerging client.
Great teamwork and innovation
n/a
I was able to manage across and version manage.
"I have been pushing for projects that are more within my industry/field of interest (Games) and Amanda Woods & Emily VB really pulled through in helping me work on a game-related study. Also thanks to Marcello for giving me some advice on how to make it happen.

I'd also like to thank Sean Fleming for being a great Web Analytics manager and giving me the opportunity to head one of our projects! From query building/testing to reporting - I did it all. :)"
Opportunities to mentor some new folks in the 150 Project Team.  I love to teach and enjoy those "aha" moments.
working on a difficult CATI study, so i had the opportunity to meet with VP's & GM's to explore better options to help close this study by it's due date. It is always great to sit in a room with such talent and be able to learn from everyone around me.
Lots of exposure to new tasks
Managed the program checking for a large study
My six month review is over 2 months late and I'm my level of concern in the matter is growing.
I was allowed to take the lead on Fielding for a study.
I asked and I received.
Volunteered to help with new projects
Thanksgiving potluck totally demonstrated LRW opportunity culture.
New ways to address CATI issues
I have been involved in many more client conversations/ meetings, and I was included in a dataroom meeting.
"i'm playing with a cool new idea/innovation
excited to find an opportunity to share it with the right audience"
at a check in lunch i was asked extensively about what things i have enjoyed doing and what things I want to do more of in the future
PM, SE, and member of systems all in one week!  WHEEEEEEEEEEEEE.
Almost every team member jumped in to help Lindsey check a program late in the evening on Wednesday.
taking more control of the project process
individual ownership
Traveled to ExxonMobil and presented findings on one of our recent projects and met some of their team.
This past week my manager has challenged me to provide client-ready documents and has allowed me to manage the majority of the correspondence with our vendors, which has been a learning experience in itself.
I was able to take lead on two projects and help out a senior member of the team.
I'd rather not. I'm a person of few words.
More opportunities to help with other project tasks. And an impromptu training session with a co-worker was extremely helpful/informative.
worked over the holiday weekend to make sure materials were ready for a rush study. Just did my job
I still have yet to receive my 6 month review after working for almost 9 months. I would really love to know the status of this review and how I am doing so I could have some peace of mind. Additionally, no LRW university courses have been available for a while now and by the looks of the Halogen class schedule it will be months before there is another class. I feel like this is stunting my growth and individual developement within the company.
Will be leading the web analytics ESPN project.
I was able to take a more leading role (than in the past) on various pieces of multiple projects.
Worked with the london team who took advantage of the opportunity to get some new experiences with survey creation / changes and they delivered.
People working togehter tho come up with a plan to get everything done together as a team
got to be much involved in the weighting process, which I haven't had much experience with before
Muffin meeting!
My manager gave me the opportunity to take ownership in a project. It allowed me to practice responsibility under pressure and pushed me to use my creative juices. It was a growing experience that isn't yet finished.
Getting to continually take more ownership of tasks
I feel like there is often confusion when junior person talks to a senior person bc the senior person listens with a filter that assumes the more junior person doens't really know completely whats going on.  I think in true opportunity culture, everyone would be listened to with the same ear.
People volunteering for Product Development studies
Took on leadership opportunities to soft launch our survey when mor senior-level team members were unavailable.
LRW University courses haven't been available for a long time and I don't feel like I have had an opportunity to improve my MR skills for some time.
they originally werent going to provide us oc folks with a shuttle for the holiday party, but then i told zephyr that there are quite a few of us going and she totally arranged it! thank you zephyr and lrw!
I was given the opportunity to assume more responsibility for my intended position of FM.
Presented a proposal to a client and answered questions.
Led an issues meeting with Dave
Was entrusted to draw up shells as well as other tasks I have not yet performed
Thank you for the Christmas card and bonus! I wasn't expecting anything and it was a very nice surprise. On another note, I am still waiting to receive my six month review and I have been here for over 9 months now. I have friends who have been here the same length of time and have already been promoted so to still be waiting for my six month review is quite a bit of a downer. Also, there are no LRW University courses available anytime soon, which is hindering my individual developement. I hope both of these issues are addressed in the near future. Thanks.
Working on two studies simultaneously.
I am beginning to run more of my studies with minimal supervision and am beginning to bid more.
Suggesting PBS products to client so to better deliver on the so what?
Client communication
This question is weird.
collaboration; resource for other BUs
I was on Vacation for most of this week, however these last 2 days have allowed me to refocus my efforts on taking opportunities.
Got to manage the QDev process for an entire survey (albeit a tiny one)
Took chart of managing data collection when more senior-level team members were out of the office.
Christmas vacation!
One project.
People covering projects while others are out to ensure seamless project coverage.
Went to check-in lunch with manager where I was asked what I wanted to continue to work on or who I wanted to work with.
Lots of holidat time! Still waiting on my 6 month review and I've been working at LRW for almost 10 months. I'm concerned about how long it is taking for this review to happen.
I was given the opportunity to take initiative in a project while managers were out.
Short week, only in two days, so hard to say.
I've been able to lead the correspondence with respondents and vendors for our Baxter SPACE blogging study as well as track the respondents and data input/exports. I feel really connected to the study and that I'm able to give valuable input to the team regarding problems that have occurred solutions to address them. I am really enjoying the study and working with Lisa, Kim and Matthew on this. Also, the flexibility of the study allows me to continue to help other members of the 148 team, as well as the time to train some team members on basic project protocols as needed.
I've been running select studies with minimal supervision.
I only worked one day this week, so I dont have much to report :)
we should have been on holiday jan 2, 3 of this week, or at least the company or management of the business units could have recommended us to stay home for the holidays and work from home.  many of us are not from LA so our families are not local.
People pitching in so all could enjoy the holidays.  Our 2 AM!'s being promoted to VP, yeah!
"doing work for a different BU, and work that i wouldn't normally be doing...all the while, my BU is totally cool with this.

143 rules!"
I leveraged my segmentation knowledge to right a big proposal for another group.
Was able to provide opportunity to someone else, sharing the "opp culture" and it actually was a huge help for me as well.  Being a part of the process to see someone grow is rewarding!
It has been a slow week in our BU, not much to really talk to senior management about. The tasks were a bit mundane but I understand the need to do them.
I like the RA/RM meetings. THey're fun.
I got to do some client management for the first time.
"i've gotten the opportunity to work on projects that have allowed me to utilize skills other than what's traditionally called for by my role - fun stuff!

further, i've been able to work across BUs - always a good thing!"
Thrown into client correspondences, while manager was OOO.
Presented in a data room for the first time.
Team members stepped up; managers cleared barriers.
emily (van bloem) assigned me a new project that presents opportunity to handle logistics and some cool field work
I was moved to a different team. This is both sad and exciting as I was told that there would be more opportunites for me to grow on my new team.
I've had the opportunity to write my first pyramid for Baxter SPACE with very helpful feedback from Lisa and Kim. I've been able to continue to manage field issues, conducting follow ups and working with vendors to address issues a few of our respondents have had this week. As we are going into the reporting phase, I'm excited to being creating a visual report deck and to be a part of analyzing and reporting our findings in a story format :)
Working on new proposal ideas for clients
presented at a data room
Having to step up when BL is OOO.
Informal leadership during Data Processing/Reporting phase
The work started picking up this week for one of our projects, there was a lot of indirect professional development sitting through the meetings with various players on the team. Having our client prodive us with such complicated request, really made the work day pass really quickly even with long days. I also go to shed insight to a peer, a new intern.
Watched an RA take on great ownership on a new qual study.  She has never done a qual study, but I gave her direction and allowed her to take the reigns and she's doing a GREAT job!
working on stuff that i wouldn't consider my "normal" tasks - always keeps things interesting!
This week I lead my first pyramid meeting and and drafting my first report. My team has been very supportive of me taking this on and have been great about answering my questions and giving me tips on how to approach the process. I'm excited for this one.
more communication with the client with a little less supervision
Working on a qual study and was traveling for vacation - the RAs on the project team totally stepped up to take on additional ownership and gain additional experience, ultimately growing as researchers (and helping me out!!).
doing different things for other groups AND 143 clients - always a good thing!
There was a lot of items that were out of my conrol this week as I was not the project head on the projects I was working on
Nothing specific, but felt like opportunities were there
My GM is letting my shadow him a little, which is super-awesome, and I've gotten to interact a lot with clients this week while attending my first focus group. Lots of exciting opportunities!
My new team is awesome. Everyone is really nice! :)
was pushed into new areas/tasks that I have not been familiar with - particularly managing others
My manager gives me a ton of opportunities to step up. I appreciate her willingness to put me in those positions.
I've been trying to actively give more opportunities to the junior staff and managing them closely to make sure they are getting the senior support they need to succeed.
I never answer this question.
Client communication during a data room
Inspired/high standards - ensuring the highest quality data through acute attention to detail, identifying problems and developing swift effective solutions.
My internship mentor is awesome about giving me things to do and I feel useful.
More opportunities to Mentor jr team members.
Similar to before, the opportunity to work on a Baxter report and do some data analysis/aggregation has been a good learning experience for me and has allowed me to work more closely with senior team members towards my own development in this area.
Providing new ideas to Payless client for analysis and suggesting additional research.
I have been able to work on lots of different projects but need to get some more challenging roles.
I am taking on more responsibility, but I feel that, because of my rookie status in this industry(and in the job market in general), I am limited in taking opportunities due to the fact that I lack the sufficient knowledge to approach them intelligently.
I had a few key highlights this week, from our team kickoff and dinner, to a extremely successful presentation with Baxter for our Baxter SPACE Qual. It was such a great experience to meet with the clients in-person and be able to personally provide insight not only on our findings, but also on why we formed the recommendations we provided in the report. Our presentation had such an impact, it caused the clients to reconsider their approach to a longitudinal study in the works, and they want our team to consult them on the study design (YAY!)
Being asked what I enjoy about the project process at a post-mortem meeting
Discussion of career advancement
The new team is pretty awesome so far!
Lead my first Initial story discussion and wrote the summary doc for a Disney tracker.
working with Marcus and HR on a project.
I was able to give guidance on screener development to team members new to the Agilent work.
An RM gave me good feedback and was empathetic when I ran into challenges. I'm finding a new way to improve on the related process and feel like I am taking action to be better at the job.
I had a lighter week, so was able to help out for other projects a lot.
with Chris moving groups, opportunity abounds
I was given the opportunity to lead multiple meetings.
lots of client interaction
Got to step up on an A&U I wasn't initially on (because there was a need) and create a story by weaving together different report pieces, for a client presentation.
this week was very collaborative and i definitely felt the apprentice learning going on, knowledge being passed down to me by RDs as well as through Halogen
Traveled to present findings - fun to hear how our research is applied.
People stretching and volunteering for work that challenges them.
I had a great opportunity, along with a few other RMs, to meet with Kent Frazier in Talent and Development. We discussed numerous subjects about LRW and life in general, and he was genuninely interested in getting to know us and hearing what we had to say.
i actually feel like i have taken a step backwards with my particular role on my project
Got to work on varied and interesting projects collaborating with multiple BUs.
Focus Groups!
"even though i've graded the work week individually with fairly high marks, overall, it's been a rough one for reasons much less related to actual work and much more related to working relationships within the company.  

nobody said growing in your individual development was gonna be easy...

grateful for the opportunity, though!"
Stalled projects means I'm picking up work where I can.  While I'm on multiple projects, I'm not being involved enough in them.
recieved support for a new idea
Was pushed to be the point person on a large project
I'm definitely looking for more work. I have some free time on my hands. Thank you Alene for all of the Valentine's day goodies!
I was able to take part the breakdown of solutions for a segmentation that we are working on. I felt really involved in the project, and am excited to be getting more responsibility and getting to do more!
It's my first week and I don't really know what that means in practice yet.
Everyone with whom I have interacted has been so welcoming and have gotten me involved right away with projects, and I think I have fit in with this opportunity culture because I have been very excited to learn, find ways to involve myself, and am very eager to accomplish as much as I can.
Commitment to our clients - client came back with a lot of changes (and changes to those changes) this week and while it was not ideal, I think that shows our flexibility and commitment to making the client happy, no matter how much extra work it might create.
Lots of training, so I've been learning a lot of new things.
it's somewhat frustrating to be telling the lead on a project what to do to make sure it gets done, and it just feels like you are doing everything in the background without anyone really knowing (except the leader you are helping along).  it's hard to know if i would get the recognition or not.  i don't really know who actually knows what is really going on. therefore, i don't feel like it is opportunity culture since i am not directly being given the opportunity, but i am taking the drive to make sure my project goes well. it's one-sided
Planning Volunteer activities
communication is low, everyone is just responsible for getting their stuff done.  it doesn't feel like a team atmosphere or a culture where ideas are heard or discussed.
I was able to create/design power point slides for a report for the first time. It was fun!
Got assigned to handle Q're development for parts of two projects
Helping out other teams
was given more responsibilities being the point person on a large project
"realizing that opportunity culture experience is highly dependent on the BU you work for.  

lucky for me, i'm on a good BU!"
I was able to take on a number of new tasks this week, including an increased role in the weighting process.
Got to write a q're for a study type i've never worked on before
Solved a complex issue that I've never stumbled upon before. Felt great!
Team members on multiple projects totally stepped up and took on additional responsibility while I was traveling, gaining great experience while also being complete team players and taking ownership.
People working across groups to help out and make a study happen.
MUFFIN
my team and I discussed some q're options in detail and came to a conclusion.  All opinions were heard and discussed, it was fun!
I'm being supported on a new idea
I do everything.
People taking advantage of training classes
I feel that I'm able to learn about my job roles and the limits of those job roles- this translates into more informed decision making within project contexts. This has shown my superiors I'm able to make decisions inside specific situations and they then allow me the autonomy to move forward making those decisions.
My manager continues to push me and give me opportunities for growth at a fast pace (or what seems as fast)
I really felt the team orientation aspect of opportunity culture this week, as my project team and I split up our tasks quite well
Wrote two Q'res
great to have people help you for work that takes you to OT
Na
Had to give a presentation which is new to me.
Just a general sense of it being there.
New projects to own!
Informal leadership
I really like my supervisor. And I feel like I can learn a lot from her.
The waffle breakfast!
I was given ownership this week to put together a report.
I used reporter for the first time ever this week, which was pretty cool. Alene also took me out to lunch, which was awesome as always.
People pitching in to help pull and papo and suggesting more effective ways to do so to the team.
working closely with different team members, and owning part of the process
My project teams completely stepped up and took ownership of additional responsibility while I was under duress..!
We started ELE this week, which was awesome! And I got to run Immersion with the AGMs heading that up as well. All went very well!
I only really pulled, not exactly overcoming challenges
pulled many hours trying to wrap up a deck
I had Immersion this week and was worried I wouldn't have time to get my other work done but everything was obviously well planned and no major surprises.
I have begun transferring to a new team, where I feel that I can contribute more/better to the company, as a result of being provided the opportunity.
building a checking tool to check between the new NIKE ORT and the reporter to make it more efficient. But building tool with excels isn't really a strength of mine, so i'm trying to strengthen an area of weakness
I'm getting support on project and not running into obstacles
one interesting project coming up...we'll see if i'll actually have time to take advantage of it, or if it'll just be a lost opportunity...
new projects, and new thinking
Got assigned to write to a report
Took on some SRM tasks, creating quota sheets and BIP docs, and leading BIP meetings
Beginning stages of building a relationship at General Mills.  My prospect, an old friend from previous job, asked for LRW POV on a reliably recruiting and sampling a challenging population--people who own/manage--convenience stores.  The sample team, stepped up and suggested we try to get a quick incidence check to demonstrate our "smarts" and "commitment" to working with General Mills.  They, Susie Ribnik, Jeff Kaemmerling and Joanne Robbibaro, made it so easy, a couple of phone calls, some suggestions from me and we are on our way!  Wow, I love the "can do" attitude, ready to seize opportunity.
I was able to be more involved in a client meeting than I had originally anticipated.
I had the opportunity to use reporter and develop more proficiency in it.
People learning new skills and sharing skills (teaching)
Team members stepped up to take on additional responsibilities and we helped enable it.
Loved the chance to work on a bunch of different projects since my personal load was light.
Got the opportunity to work on updating a questionnaire, however had so little time to do it that I only was able to copy over and edit from a previous survey rather than get to write my own questions, which was going to be how it was done if we'd worked on it next week.  Frustrating to get an opportunity given and taken away!
opportunity to step up and lead a project!
Recognition from senior management for the value of an initiative that I've been working on for some time.
Most of my time this week went to helping out on other projects.
Being involved in work across various BUs. Interesting to learn how other teams do things!
This week, I felt that I was able to effectively take on new tasks from coworkers, as well as felt that in the tasks I did this week, I was able to find new insights that impacted projects. Also, in one task, I really enjoyed working alongside a more senior coworker as a part of the process of problem-solving a task.
training others and learning a new AI tool
Wrote to a report for a major client and oversaw part of the reporting process
Even with a short notice, I was able to take on the task of working on a PBS case study that impacted the proposal of another team.
Opportunity to train RA's on new tasks
Manage recruitment and vendors.
I mostly helped out on other projects this week with getting reports pulled/PAPO'd, but I did get at chance to do create an analysis map and work through and issues tree for a Baxter study, which will ultimately help the client understand how we are going to meet our research objectives with each question.
First time being completely in control of weighting for a project - learning tons
New innovations initiative continues to go well...
I fixed my own mistakes
we answered requests as quickly as possible from the client, demonstrating commitment to clients
Individual Ownership
Getting to work on a questionnaire.
To take much more lead in projects
Had the opportunity to participate in and do tasks that I previously had little to no involvement in at LRW (i.e. leading calls with vendors).
There were inefficientcies in one of our projects and I was able to standardize the process to think about future processes
I've been given the opportunity to draft the BRM documents and outline and begin drafting a q're for Aflac while my senior management is out.
It's quite demoralizing to see one person earn two awards in the same meeting, especially when having powerful connections is touted as "opportunity culture." I understand VR is a new initiative for the company that we're trying to build interest in, but I'd like to see awards go to the people involved in the Medallia stuff as well - they're working non-stop to get things done w/ similarly new technology.
Individual Ownership. Resolving accounting issues.
This week not only did I find the opportunity to work on a wide variety of projects, but I am excited to also have been offered the opportunity this week to work on opportunities not usually open to RAs in the near future.
I was invited to take a training course at the world viz headquarters which was really awesome and gave an insights to the opportunities that can be experienced in LRW.
Report writing and running point on a fast-turnaround project
Working on proposals and assisting LA BUs
Alison accompanying Cynthia to Boston to meet with Converse client.
Matt Walker is very receptive and great at encouraging opportunities!
"Members on a new project team stepped up and took ownership 

However, I feel like I still have barriers when trying to go after some goals I have been working on for a while.  Frustrating and demoralizing."
I love working with Mary. She includes me in the process, guides me, makes sure I'm on track, answers all my questions, and listens to me. She's the best.
At my first true week at LRW, I feel like an integral part of the team, making quality work for our clients on equal footing with me team.
Inspired Standard and Team Orientation (It's my first week at LRW!)
Opportunity to improve SPSS skills. Also more future training opportunities are being offered by IPS now.
working on the symposium is always an example of the opportunity culture - it's my team giving me the opportunity to work on something that doesn't directly affect their bottom line, and allows me to have company-wide impact.
More development of long term client relationships
Opportunity to take a leadership role for project tasks.
This week (and part of last week) I outlined and drafted the q're for a complicated Aflac quant study, which underwent thorough review and editing with senior members of the team. It was a challenge, but we managed to get the q're in pretty good shape and sent to it to the client for review. I'm glad to say this is the first full q're I have outlined and drafted and it was definitely a great learning experience for me.
The case study was a lot of fun. I wish we did stuff like that more often.
I was dedicated in fulfilling a service to the best of my ability.
Stepping in with a team member out of office
Good experience participating in the LRW Symposium. Personal initiatives really starting to show progress.
Led Web Analytics process
did some symposium work this week, as well as work across BUs.
Lead a client call clarifying their objectives and highlighting preliminary findings that were of particular relevance
It was a great week!
"Opportunity to incorporate AI tools into Report pulling for Agilent (making this much more efficient and correct).

Also wrote my first Pyramid doc."
Folks getting promoted for outstanding work
I took the initiative to perform web analysis for a client as a business development/sales tool.
Loved being able to participate in the Symposium
unique opportunity to do web analysis for a tv pilot
This week I've been very involved in q're development and anticipating possible issues in for 2 studies that are quick complicated to execute. It has taken much collaboration internally and with our vendors and I'm sure more will be required in the coming weeks.
Team orientation and Tenacious will to achieve!
Worked almost strictly on resource requests this week. I am more than willing to do quote pulling and other tasks of that nature, but working on tasks of this nature for other teams isn't helping me to achieve the goals that I've been told I'm far behind on.
ag team is transitioning a lot of responsibilities to me. although it seems like a lot of work i think it'll give me a great opportunity to showcase my skills and work on the skills i need to develop.
I was able to contribute and grow an initiative inside our department to help share knowledge and make other people experts in the field of...Field.
pyramid process of a study should include as many people as possible in development, not just in presentation at the meeting. Efficiency can not be a consideration for analysis it terms of number of minds involved.
"working on a VC pitch for Dave...whenever i can work outside my BU, it's an LRWOC...

much thanks to 143 - without their support, i wouldn't have the option!"
Increase in responsibility on projects/new responsibilities on projects.
People thinking of new ways to reach hard to find respondents.
Bringing up issues as soon as they surface, rather than waiting until later when they are bigger problems.
Learning about new ways to get involved in projects currently and for the future
Taking over AG, stepping up and being a solid resource for them, taking the lead for the next deliverable and making sure everyone is papoing correctly and that there assignments arrive on time.
Continue to get to work in proposals, but means overtime.
Getting a general sense that you can have as much responsibility and involvement as you want. It's very cool knowing that I can grow as aggressively as I'd like.
Lead a pyramid meeting and client call
Felt ownership over projects and issues. Felt well integrated into the team!
Just to clarify, I worked less than 40 hours because I was sick. :( But feeling better now!
Getting a TA to manage.
Well desrved promotion to SRM
Commitment to clients - adding extra QA checks during the Reporting process to make sure the data and slides are flawless.
This week our projects have required a lot of team collaboration and working with field, IPS and other vendors to keep our projects moving. I've been able to contribute to and lead a lot of the correspondence, as well as keep the rest of the team in the know and and involved in the process as needed.
Found a way to prioritize different tasks effectively
I was able to work on other projects and bids that fall more naturally along what I excel at.
"As always the opportunities to learn and grow are always there. It's just a matter of allocating your time and making it known to your supervisors.

Wish I had more hours in the day -- there's a lot of grond to cover."
Participated in a client call presenting our findings as the sole LRW rep.
People working together to respond to ESAT results - looking for innovative ways to address issues.
Working on difficult/complex design proposal for another group.
Possible new opportunities for China & Web Analytics!! :)
Connor got to visit the Patagonia campus as project lead on a large brand equity study.
I'm on a new project with a tight deadline. This is helping me prioritize and manage my time.
Gave my first presentation!
Awesome collaboration and communication with team!
This week required a lot of individual ownership and team collaboration as we've had to work to resolve several issues in trying to launch our Baxter program.
n/a
I was given the responsibility to make sure a report was fully pulled and PAPOed, which was a big management role that I had not had yet. It was a success!
I was able to use my specialized skills in Chinese to help out another team.
My manager gave me a great opportunity to work on a report and take ownership
got to work in the ny office. i liked meeting the people there and getting my work done even while im far away from my desk!
Junior people taking on tasks a bit beyond their reach and being successful at them.
Was thrown into multiple scenarios where I had to complete task I had never done before. I had awesome direction and felt supported throughout the whole process.
Seeing new opportunities and ways to expand my role
unique entertainment research study opportunity for jeff reynolds
I had the opportunity to sit in on IDIs and help make decisions on how to adjust the format of the discussions as the interviews progressed. I was also able to manage the resources we've had helping our team throughout the week, and help solve some of the issues we've encounter for our Baxter and Aflac studies.
Ran a meeting with an international vendor, also a training. Lot of management tasks, which is exciting but also adds a little time to my tasks. So just trying to figure out how to manage it all.
great data room and opportunity to interact with the clients
Thanks Lauren Glassman for letting me knock out one of my goals and providing helpful feedback.
Chatted with many senior folk about opportunities.
Same as every week. Opportunities are there -- just need to invest the time to sieze them.
Worked on a huge proposal for another group
Got to give guidance to a FA.  I enjoy training and sharing and watching the newer folks blossom and grow.
"I spoke out about my needs during an RM meeting that scott and glenn held. They were quick to turn my needs into action items.

Thankyou!"
We're incredibly understaffed in AI; working on Medallia is both tedious and time-consuming, and basically all it involves is clicking buttons to configure options. We're under pressure to deliver quality deliverables on a tight deadline to the project team and client, however we don't have the bandwidth to do either. It's very demoralizing.
This week I've been continuing to collaborate with the team to develop research instruments, and identify/ resolve any issues that have sprung up for our projects. I've been able to work with Marketing Sciences, in addition to the rest of my team, to flush out research and analysis approaches. Also, I have been able to give input/feedback on a candidate that could possible join our team soon! (Yay!)
Yeah! Got looped into helping create a report shell this week with my AGM.
I'm exploring new opportunities in using my natrual abilities to improve and move projects forward.
one of the best weeks of my life
Wrote my first issues doc and had my first one on one client call!
generated project costs for new proposal
Creative thinking
Pro active with clients to resolve billing issues
slow week
Attended Hillary's presentation about the Non-Conscious, and how it relates to the work we do.
Presented to clients
Opportunity to work towards developing PBS case studies to improve best practices across the company
got to lead BRM!
I'm getting a lot of support from mgmt on a new idea
GREAT LEADERSHIP
I was able to use my talents again on areas that interest me(China)
I had the chance to work on multiple projects within the team and feel that it helped me develop and grow as a result of seeing the ways in which other projects carry out similar tasks.
Displaying my unique knowledge of their area/industry to a newer client
Had several program/fielding problems to solve this week. Definitely was challenging, but worked closely with the team and vendors to solve them. Also helped manage the resources that helped us out this  week, really appreciate the teamwork.
hearing about some real-time data reporting capabilities that sound pretty interesting...may get a chance to work on some marketing collateral for it.
was asked what interests and areas I want to work more in, and what things I do not like and wish to do less of
Yes. The more I learn, the more opportunities I get to learn more. It's still a bit overwhelming, but I'm seeing real progress, which is great.
Exposure to using reporter and launched my first Q're. Woohoo!
Working on bid for proposal
Opportunity to help out with VR this week.
"i experienced team work to the nth degree.  I was brought into a proposal pitch the day of the pitch due to the background I have.  Even as a totally new person, I quickly became part of the ""we.""

Our BU also did a ""book club"" session which was a great demonstration of teamwork."
"While this is a subjective question- My immediate supervisor was out for vacation this week which left me with a lot of the studies he oversees. While I am still rather junior, not only are they difficult studies to manage, but also the sheer volume is difficult to manage for one person. 

I feel the opportunity was around testing and improving my skills of managing up, asking for assistance, as well as concisely synthesizing my thoughts/POV into  quick, actionable steps"
leading client calls and meetings
Although i did not personally experience it, i saw it in action with regards to my co-workers, with people getting onto the new VR team due to their interest in pursuing it
Great career conversation with my boss
Taking on management opportunities
Opportunity to help the VR team collect information about other VR studies that have taken place.
There are serious issues hiring SRMs from the outside. We are having major issues with one and it is ruining my ability to work efficiently and deliver good work. She consiently misses deadllines and isn't learning as fast as she should be. Her emails are highly unprofessional and she doesn't deliver high quality work. I am genuinely surprised she got a job at LRW.
Yeah! Getting invited to meetings that are going above my head haha. All in line with my goals though. Gotta start somewhere, but its def a bit overwhelming...for now.
Worked on a new study type
Helped out with translations on several projects.
Spent the week on the road, running a qual
I had a lot of opportunities to work on proposals this week and it gives exposure to study design. The feedback provided to me is great.
Hours worked were only over a 4-day period, given the Memorial Day holiday on Monday.
An RD left our AG team and many of his responsibilities got shifted to me. I'm excited to prove that I handle more and keep the project going!
"literally working on Opportunity Culture posters.

WEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
Given the opportunity to work on a new project.
Development opportunities
Team work
This week I handled a lot of smaller requests and didn't feel like I had much control over my schedule like I've had in the past. However, my team is delivering a report this week and we managed to launch several countries for one of our international studies (a feat in itself). Less opportunity this week for me, instead it was about handling more basic responsibilities.
We are going to help another team on an ImpliCT Study, I am excited.
given the opportunity to help on a propsal
Opportunity to assist in senior stakeholder immersion interviews.
A new RA got to produce a large section of a very important proposal.
This week was full of new challenges and discovering places that I can make a difference.  Thinking a lot about the marketing science brand right now and what I can do to positively influence that.
Managing my own recruiting for a qualitative study, and am going on my first business trip next week for that study! Really excited.
The viewing of the FIFA opeaning on the 15th floor
Ability to manage time and costs well. Opportunity and availability to help a few other teams to keep time manageable for others too.
People coming up with new ways to get things done
Stepping UP!
I had the opportunity to create some new slides for on of our reports and continued to manage our tab process with IPS, as well as find solutions for field issues in one of our Baxter studies.
was offered help on working more efficiently
Had my opportunity culture discussion with Hilary this week....during that meeting I cited a couple of examples where I see it in action or was putting it into action for my work life, at least on a small scale.  "Don't wait to be told to do something if you know it needs to be done....communicate that to others so we don't duplicate effort, of course."
Helping with VR
I had a question from a client and I was able to consult with an RD who wasn't even on my project.  It was great to have access to people w/ experience to verify that my response correct.  I both handled the situation on my own and also learned something.  :)
I went on ethnographies in  Chicago! It was great. I learned a lot and had a great time.
I'm able to take more lead on studies and answer financial questions that I previously didn't have enough experience for.
I am a part of the new cohort.  I had a great week learning more about LRW and what is has to offer me.
Learning environment
New here! Everything pretty awesome!
I wrote a blog screener and discussion guide in record time to meet a rush deadline.
Grainger client going directly to a recently promoted SRM for custom analyses on their project.
Asked for extra learning opportunity and was awarded with endless work.
one example would be consolidating our licenses for Premium Solver for remote access to the Rock Star machines that do our more computationally intensive methodology....should be more efficient and save $.
Learned a lot about Opportunity Culture at RM Career day. Got access to senior talent and learned about opportunities
Got more involved with PBS
"RM day was great.

Happy to experience the fact that I have open communication with management on my team."
got to visit the la office and got RM specific training. very useful. its cool that lrw is investing in that tier of employees. we definitely need the guidance and direciton.
This week my team had multiple group meetings (aside from our daily meetings). My team had a soft skills training session earlier in the week, in which I could further learn and develop my skills. I also was able to take initiative and be placed on other projects outside of my team.
RM Career Day!
Extraordinary efforts to do whatever it takes
I was able to ask for opportunities in managing international studies... and surprise, I was given them!
RM Career Day!
This week, I was able to attend the RM Career day (which was a great opportunity in itself)! I learned so much and had great conversations with other RMs, as well as senior members from several disciplines in the company. I walked away with more motivation, confidence and understanding of what I'd like to work towards during my tenure at LRW :)
New Employee Orientation
I helped coming up with questions for a questionnaire and inputting them into Excel Author - and it's only my 3rd week here!
I was able to exercise my passion on an old project and help contribute to the quality that we deliver to our cleint
anu came to visit! we love her!
Team orientation, many team members stepped up to help with pulling for a large deck.
Started 3 weeks before. Easing into the role now.
Being highly involved in client reporting
"I was given an opportunity to work with the qualitative team on a very exciting, very big, new blogging study for Whirlpool. 

Initially the scope of the study (recruit, timeline, quotas, pressure of trying to blow the socks of a new client) was so dauting, but it has really proven to be an oppotunity to use my experince in this space to make this a positive, successful experience for all involved."
"I was able to overcome obstacles and push a project to completion with flexiblity and teamwork!

I also was able to work on some of my promotion goals and work on bidding."
was in training for the "forgetdata" pilot...which was great!  this sort of multidisciplinary training is what's needed when the company expects processes to change.  including everyone who's life will be affected is essential for input.
got to train new team member on some processes i used to manage.
Poeple looking at solving problems form a variuety of viewpoints and angles.
Coming back from vactaion, I found out I was selected and enrolled in a pilot training for automating data into powerpoint. I caught up with work while attending both half day training sessions. It was challenging yet rewarding knowing I will be the first in my BU to understand and introduce the program.
Immersion
This week I was able to collaborate with other members of the team to help them solve a few reporting/data issues on their projects. I got to work with my boss on some ghost decking, which brought forth helpful discussions and was a good training opportunity.
Forget dat data!
I've been having to take a couple of hours away, now and then this week, to deal with some important personal needs. My boss just said, "Of course, do what you need to do." It's really good to work with a company that understands that, despite our dedication, at the end of the day most of us "work to live" more so than "live to work.":-)
When we can't have a pyramid meeting because the flow doesn't match what the AM would have done, that is not OC.  Learning communication styles should go both ways and pyramid meetings should be regarding the story.  Instead, the story was ignored in favor of discussing specific words to use and using single adjectives instead of descriptive phrases.  I understand wanting to have the client document a certain way, but that is a waste of the story meeting for someone to be unable to discuss learnings.  Lets first agree on the elements of the story (meaning all in the meeting should be familiar with the q're and data, not wasting time asking about methodology and question text) and then discuss ideal phrasing.  Other teams do this better.  The AMs there do not hold themselves above data.
Talked with my boss about ways to grow in my role and work towards my next promotion.
signed up for LRW university courses
I was able to provide my feedback on a project.
For our case study, I was able to speak with other team members and share my opinions.  The case study also provided insight from multiple people in the BU. Additionally, I was able to use knowledge that I have and provide support.
Training staff
got to "business travel" to LA to meet the newest member of our AG team. was really fun and i loved bonding with everyone.
Slowly getting more ownership on projects
President's Orientation
Well this question will sure give away who i might be :).... Got to learn what the field team actually does, got to meet the entire team through lunch, after work dinner with the team, team meeting, and having everyone willing to help me with any questions that i might have. Learning about what LRW stands for and the process from beginning to end on what this company does.
As this was my first week at the company, it has been an excellent, "soak it all in" kind of week. The formal HR introduction sessions were well run and answered all my questions upfront.  I could not have asked for a warmer welcome from my team.  Everyone has been friendly and helpful.  My direct managers have been cognizant of my learning curve and willing to answer all my questions in a timely manner. I am incredibly impressed by the on-boarding process at LRW and am excited to come back on Monday.
Could use better staffing for projects.
Everyone has been very supportive and encouraging which helped to provide a closer look into how LRW operates as a team and as a comnpany.
Since I'm part of the July 16 cohort, there's a lot that we've been exposed to both on the larger Human Resources training scale, and in our individual business units (I'm assuming)! I've been placed on 4 projects out of the gate, and am so excited I'm on the verge of scared (in a good way). My business unit specifically is very driven, and I can tell by their intensity of work. Their drive influences me to be as helpful as I can to this team, although I'm only done with my first week. I have seen and heard every single bit of the opportunity culture here, from the team orientation to individuals' tenacious wills to achieve.
I wrapped up my first accounting close this week. It has been a challenging month but I've had good support from Nicole and temp Jason to help me get through it.
I feel like Rod doesn't allow the project team to do their job because he micro-manages the analysis.   As a result,  srd/rds on the project really oppress the team into a specific course which is to please rod, not to best analyze the data.  Its really hard to guess what rod wants and plus its silly because rod's inclination is not always the best.  In fact, on the Nordstrom project, several items on my analytic plan were rejected, only to be re-introduced by DJ in the reporting phase.  This is basically the opposite of "opportunity culture".
I got to take more responsibilities on some projects
President's Orientation
I spent a lot of time in orientation this week, and the opportunity culture here was definitely frequently discussed.
New hire training!   SRM training!
in a way learning the code and trying to figure out the problems that come with it really give me the drive to really better myself and push the limits of the code that I can. Also everything we have done this week has been as a group which has really helped me connect with my cohort. I feel that If i keep moving in this direction, I'm definitely going to achieve the career level and excitement that I'm looking for
a really small example this week....brought javascript rollovers in our ACBC exercises....we had been using PERL, which has some big draw backs.....javascript solved all the issues and was easier!
I expressed my interest several times to different people in a job that I wasn't currently staffed on (and wasn't being considered for, initially, I believe), and now I'm on that job!
It's my first week here at LRW. We went through some great training sessions. All the tools were there. We got a laptop. It is challenging and very doable at the same time. I was able to see the opportunity culture in effect this first week.
Excitement about new processes
Opportunity to work with our Shanghai partners
VR Project! :)
During a few team meetings throughout the week, it was emphasized the importance of being able to communicate with one another, in regards to both speaking your mind and asking questions for clarification. I am aware of the different roles that an individual team member can take that does not directly correspond to their initial role on the team. This process allows us to grow and develop beyond the edges that your titled role outlines for you.
"I got to go watch a briefing at ISA for phone interviews. 
Had to opportunity to work on small amount of a project on my own with the final check of my supervisor."
This week, I saw how my team is willing to help in the time crunch situations. With my manager off site all day, a vendor wanted a briefing that was not specifically scheduled for that day. I was able to elevate it to my director who pulled in a different manager to help out. That manager made the time to lead the brief and did so without any hesitation. Its was a great example of how strong this team's bond truly is.
I definitely experienced the Drive factor this week. All the lessons from the week before definitely came in handy for the challenges I was faced with this week. Problem solving is definitely a big part of my day
training emmy
I was able to work towards my goal of financial management and bidding expertise by working with business developers.
My manage saw that I want to grow, so she found an opportunity for me to do so and offered it to me.
not particularly, but this week was about buckling down and getting things done
Training staff
we had a team offsite this week and the event was great. Everybody had the opportunity to speak up about what they like about the team and what their concerns are.
While I felt like I was woking through some projects without having a stable background/base established, I had a higher-level BU orientation meeting with my GM where LRW's principles (and our BU's principles) were re-addressed, and this person really exemplifies the LRW Opportunity Culture themselves.
Book club discussion about opportunity culture; chance to work on an out of team project
I was very challenged this week and had the help of everyone in my department to help me get through it.
Do whatever we can to keep our Agilent client happy.
New ideas in how to display data effectively
Managers gaining confidence in my work ability enabling me to do some work on my own
Opportunity to work with other teams on different projects and tasks
My friends in the accounting department continue to help me get caught up to speed..
Disagree with staffing on projects where I should report to another team member of the same experience and level. Especially when my suggestions and recommendations on how to improve the project are consistently dismissed by the lead. Will escalate to project oversight if this continues.
Since my RD is traveling for business, I had the opportunity to run the analysis portion of the project myself. It was a great experience.
Being given the opportunity to be the lead contact on studies and being trusted to interact and manage difficult clients is a blessing and a curse. While it can be stressful to deal with them sometimes, it's exciting to know that I'm a trusted member of the team adn that I've been given the go-ahead to assert my opinion and speak for LRW on matters at hand.
I was able to help support my team with quick tasks and vendor communications this week adding value to our workflow (albeit a small part, but just starting to get my feet wet!). My managers have trust in me to let me handle organizational pieces which gives me confidence in my daily tasks.
New Cisco phone system kept me here late some nights this week.
I was on hella vacation this week.
This week involved a lot of collaboration, teamwork, problem solving and help from senior members of the team to launch one of our segmentation studies this week, as well as prepare for a data room for a second segmentation study.
Being involved in client kick-offs, project initiation, and helping the Asia team
I experienced "Tenacious Will to Achieve" this week. I have in training for almost a month now and every assignment we've gotten has been a new, interesting challenge. I love the job I have and getting newer and more complicated projects really give me that drive to continue.
The training has allowed me to experience many areas of the opportunity culture!
I took two classes as part of the new cohort. I love how LRW truly invests in teaching it's new hires. Even if the classes were not relevant to my day to day work, it's great to know how certain projects are built and completed throughout the company.
150 had a touch base meeting to talk about ways to improve the BU as a whole. Opportunity for team members to take on outside or "fun" tasks outside of the typical project related day-to-day tasks.
I was able to demonstrate and use my expertise on studies to have impact on our business.
Promoriotns of people who really deserve them - Jessica, Matthew and Jenn
I'm teaching interns next week and I'm an intern
Was encouraged to try to learn things that I have not yet encountered before
Got to field my own study this week.
Travelling to focus groups, talking with the clients face to face.
I got the opportunity to lead my first programmer's brief meeting, which was an enlightening experience. It impressed upon me how important it is to think deeply about survey structure and what a survey is attempting to accomplish.
I was on vacation
training for the ag team was really useful.
Was invited to lead a programmer's briefing meaning and enter an entire survey into author.
Traveling and working on the Merz Segmentation was a really great experience. Seeing the way that Paul puts together a report and makes the report tell a story is something that I will remember for when I'm working on my next report. Having Danny out of the office has allowed for some creative freedom and while at times I wish he were here to ask questions to, I think it has been a good opportunity for working through complex issues.
Had my first 1 to 1 client lunch.
Opportunity to plan some events for my BU.
It was totally awesome to bring my kids to work and have them see what I do.  Kudos to the organizers!
More responsibility on projects
I was able to use my techical and organizational skills to make the NIKE study more efficient in operations
I definitely experience Team Orientation. Since we are still training we got to shadow and work together with other SEs, OMs, and SSEs to train on new material.
celebrated Jason's 10 year!
All sorts
This week, especially today I experience some leadership opportunity. I was assigned a project where I would be making a lot of the major decisions in regards to the code.
I am able to learn more about a methodology that I don't work with often and excercise my communication and management skills internationally.
I definitely feel like I'm being given more ownership. I feel the trust from my teammates and the appreciate as well.
couple of months back i had requested that we needed more leadership training, and this week they created a unique course on leadership for the first time for tibu. thanks for making it happen!
A month in to LRW, my team continues to always offer help and answer questions whenever I ask. Everyone has been more than helpful in my first month!
Met with my AGM.  Had a good talk about how I can make a difference, what makes me happy at work and what I can share with the team.  Feeling a bit more energized.
People sharing innovative ideas.
New committees within the 150 team.
I was a part of a Topline review meeting with clients, where we confirmed what the client's expectations were in terms of deliverables. There were some things that were clarified that were not originally delineated, but we made sure to express to the client that we would absolutely be crafting the report as they'd outlined.
With my boss being on vacation, I had full responsibility of getting a program finalized, and it has been a great opportunity to take charge.
Such team building/ training stuff.
I was given the opportunity to lead my first study through field. I will be working it next week to make sure it goes through data collection without a hitch
Made client impact by finding an error and making a change to a big Disney tracker q're.
Fabulous report of the quarter - go 148 and Daniel !!!!
got to meet with the AG team and help build rapport.
I was helping a project team revamp a survey to be Phone friendly.  I enjoy mentoring and they were receptive to my "sage" advice.
Team doing a good job of integrating me into different situations
i actually experienced the opposite of opportunity culture.. i was asked to move out of my office to make room for RMs who had less tenure than me. HR said i needed to go back to a cubicle or share another office. im sure the intent wasn't to piss me off, but it really did. its disappointing to know that HR would approve of something like this and not be sensitive to employees reactions. it really was an objective slap on the face given i work very hard in this company. and at the end i was forced to be confrontational and assertive to defend myself in this, which was awkward and something i shouldnt need to do.
I experience individual ownership this week, as i was put on my own project. I had to fix any tickets that came my way and I definitely felt more confident as I found the solution to each one
Kou got to go to Boston to play a role in a data room on a segmentation study.
I was able to actualize my goals and work on international studies.
Opportunity to have company impact through participation on the Green Team.
Individual Ownership- This week I was given lead on 3 projects and responsibilities on 2 others.
No
I was able to help out with more "advanced analysis" than I thought which was both challenging and very interesting
Got to work on some cool proposals.
Opportunity to be project lead on a small but very important study for Amazon!
Referred a couple of old colleagues to the Talent team based on the positions outlined in the Weekend Update
Innovative ways to look at business questions
I was able to lead my first panel briefing!
team building/brainstorming
Our team had a lenghty discussion about team & company culture that was really interesting/great to be a part of.
I'm new, it's great!
Minimal Barriers this week because I got to work directly under with my PM for a new project rather than working under an SE
I have been leading my own study this week!
"Blogging is quickly becoming a very large part of the qualitative research space. Having a passion for qualitative research, I thought it would great to gain more insight into the actual blogging process- discussion guide, how the paltform works, capabilites, etc. 

I expressed an interest to my boss and project team- and am now actually going to be moderating a few of the blogs for an upcoming study. 

Very much looking forward to sharing my experiences with the larger field team so we can all be more informed when bidding and helping our teams work through data collection using this exciting new technology."
Working and helping people with their projects to free up time on their scedules
I was able to bring a very relevant tool to life, present/roll it out to our team, and help our whole time spend less time on a routine task and more time having impact!
I got to talk to people on other teams and learn what they're doing.
new optional project i snagged
People getting promoted who worked hard and deserved it.
Formal leadership opportunities leading a new study
BRING BACK THE PULSE PICTURES!
I took opportunities.
Went to lunch with my buddy
I've set up some trainings for Field and it has added a new Dimension of excitement and growth.  I'm very delighted to lead this and watch my colleagues enjoy the benefits of training.  Many are offering to lead trainings too.  I love that!
working on a company wide PBS initiative
My team had an amazing charity give back/team bonding day on Friday. We donated our time and had the chance to get to know each other a little more outside of the office.
working on design/art concepts for PBS...could be interesting!
Complex stuff thats new to me at least!
Immersion. Immersion for days.
Fabulous Report of the Quarter presentation showing how to deliver on the soWhat?
Co-wrote a capabilities proposal that we found out is going to be presented to a major global client prospect
I felt productive...and Dan's in town!!
I experienced individual ownership when my 1 project turned to 5 and I had to figure out how to manage while attending Immersion
Experienced some of these in Immersion
project teams get all the awards for going above and beyond. nothing for us techies on 15th.
During Immersion, we went into LRW Opportunity Culture.
This week was Immersion week for me and although the days seemed long, I feel like it was my right of passage and want to take more initiative going fwd.
Helping to get a study launched and learning a lot about the process
That pop-up graphic doesn't help.
I continue to work on expanding the Field Trainings - which includes guiding others as they lead training sessions.
I experienced "Tenacious Will to Achieve" in the sense that I was fully committed to finishing all the work I needed to do sooner than expected with high quality
Team designating more leadership roles
I do appreciate when managers provide feedback, whether it's to correct something I've done wrong or something that I could improve upon. It makes me feel that they care about my growth. Sometimes it doesn't feel great when somebody points out things I did wrong, but it does help me do the right things in the future.
Helping other BU in observing and supervising focus groups. Was highly interesting.
Continuing to Mentor people.
client presentation
Commitment to our client- managed to turn around a project with a very short deadline
training my team
got to work with the head of our department on some new initiatives. Enjoy playing the leadership role
I was able to share my expertise and be consultant on a topic I am knolwedgeable about to my peers.
People doing whatever it takes to satisfy clients
Did what it took to deliver a report ASAP, got it to the client a full day early.
I worked with the Disney client to explain the capping process.
Struggling with what I consider opportunities versus what those above me consider opportunities
teamwork
Had a nice discussion with my manager about how to continually improve
commitment to our clients: sending out tabs and forecasts to our Fox clients in time for their early internal meetings.
My AGM fought to place me on a project I really wanted to help out with
Supporting in presenting to client
The tennis ball exercise was great. It enables us to see how the personality could be reflected at the workplace. It's a great experience.
Collaborating with team members to shift resources around to make sure we can take on new studies.
I was able to try my hand at a bunch of different methodologies I had never used before.
Definitely am getting a lot more responsibility
I'm in a position to help others learn and grow in RA and RM roles and am enjoying the opportunity to lead.
I got to fly to another state to give a client proposal presentation with a new Account Manager
perhaps?
Team activity
I continue to get more responsibility on making sure studies run properly :)
An RM in the department got to go to Boston to train the Converse Team on how to use the InfoTools ORT
team building exercise with my team
First week :)
New ideas for data tabulation
Lots of oppurtunity
Culture chat!
at the opportunity culture event ;)
Culture Celebration!
LOVED the culture event at Century Plaza.
Culture Assembly
Took on new roles whenever I could.
Culture meeting was very well done. Great job!
Amazing company meeting with lots of examples
Inspired Standards -- I felt like this week was full of constant challenge.
Between our annual culture meeting and the motivation from my team/manager I have definitely been immersed in the LRW opportunity culture
President's meeting & culture meeting at the Hyatt were really inspiring!
Great meeting, loved it, esp the entertainment. No PPT presentation was a very good thing.
I was able to mentor and teach our junior colleagues in areas that I am very competent in
got a chance to train the new graphics person on the LRW "brand"...hope i said the right things!
Continuing my apprenticeship with my manager
I met a guy on my basketball team who heads product development at a financial service company. the day after meeting him, he sent me over an request for info and proposal. I like to think thats good for an SRM in a community basketball league
leadership opportunities
Working with new clients, doing a task that we as a group have not done before, mentoring junior members
I took on more roles and worked with other teams to broaden my understanding of LRW as a whole
I feel like I've been giving a lot of chances for ownership of processes, but I'm not sure that I'm executing them correctly or efficiently enough. I get bogged down a lot in the details and kind of just work my way through the day.
Miley gave me the opportunity to lead a meeting with Cathy, our CFO
I was put on a project I was not previously on and was expected to take over it with no instruction from past SE. I think I'm doing well and am looking forward to making it a great tracker.
Team gatherings
Working together to make things happen
senior leadership can improve on matching studies with researchers based on interest.
Volunteered to help an RD implement the strengths assessment tool we reviewed during our team event. Excited to see how we can integrate our strengths into the work process.
Took on new roles and learned a bunch about Excel Author!
The Disney CSR team had to all work together to get a delivery out with a verryyy tight timeline
People helping other teams
Lots of responsibility thrust upon me this week, but I took control and showed everyone that I definitely took advantage of my oppurtunities
I owned my work and was given space to develop my ideas
helped train the new graphics person - worked on a tracker project with her.
lots of opportunities
VR reality, collaborating with internal teams to come up with SOP
I was able to step up and provide knowledge, expertise, and guidance on a study regarding iModerate.
Learned more about the programming and translation process
Open discussion and ideas at training session for Respectful Workplace
Welcome Lunch
individual ownership of projects as well as leadership opportunity for team support on my team
Spec'ing out new "story-driven" slides for a Disney report, which were well-received by the clients.
worked on an important proposal for a new client
I was given the opportunity to teach on subjects of which I am technically experienced in and was able to help people!
I have been given many opportunities to learn and those around me have been supportive, encouraging, and open. I really feel that sense of community collaboration so far.
Team happy hour
Started a new project using tools and techniques I have not yet been exposed to
Temporary slow point in work
same as last week
potluck, lunch and learn, manager fostering personal development
I had a chance to Mentor.  I enjoy that.
keep pushing
People thinking of new ways to analyze data.
Opportunity culture = taking initiative and being an engaged, motivated employee, which we're expected to be anyway
I was personally given more opportunities to become involved in the project I was working on, because of my performance and expressed desire.
Learned more about Reporter and different tools.
im running out of examples
I had the opportunity to take control of my job and what I do on a daily basis
My first week of work was great. I was immediately onboarded into an interesting project, and was busy, happy and learning from the moment I arrived.
I felt the sense of individual ownership this week, especially being put on a quick-moving Qual project and really owning the recruiting process. Additionally, since we have a newer person on our team, I've taken ownership of looping him into smaller things when he has time so that he can see our process and catch onto things with some examples.
People helping others out to make sure we deliver on deadlines.
One of the RA's is acting at a more managerial level, and is performing well beyond the status quo.
Taking over more of the decision making responsibility on some of my studies.
Miley let me lead a transfer discussion while Mathew Parsons was in the office.
I got to conduct my first IDI!
I had the opportunity to volunteer for another BU's project, which helped me learn about processes across teams.
Learned much more about reporter and various project-related tasks
I learned new skills and implemented prior ones.
n/a
Lots of information sharing and new analysis techniques
I saw people create their opportunities by finding new ways to get tasks accomplished
Dived into complex screener and identified pain points and confusing instructions
New project this is the most time consuming I've had so far and i'm learning to balance everything well
Chance to provide feedback and guidance to colleagues.
I'm not sure if I saw it or not, but I'm sure it happened!
New ideas for analyzing data
I was given the ability to take a big bite or responsibility and own the results
I was able to manage people at the same level and below me.
Had to spend over 8 hours making changes to a deck by a reviewer before they reviewed it.  Essentially it backed 7 reviews.  Killed 2 days making the report worse and losing all initiative I had left.
Took on new roles in a couple projects
More responsibility with people OOO!
Not sure?
People helping fill in the gaps on projects while others were out.
