Growth opportunities
I was given the opportunity this week to show how much responsibility i can handle and i definitely think I did well
More opportunity to help out other BUs
Create automated reports that reduces staff time
Managers letting me take on a study by myself.
People wanting to be part of the ELE program
GM/AGMs out sick, so you take it into your own hands and make things happen, make decisions to keep things moving.
I've had the opportunity to take on responsibilities and try out new things on my own, while help (teaching) from my co-workers :)
Took on a role outside of my normal day-to-day task
attending a 3 day conference in hopes to learn about new sample sources/ and what our panel partners have planned/new offerings/ and development for 2015
I think the Kleenex solution relates to this too :)
If it works out it might do a lot for us, and thus for me professionally.
I've been able to have open conversations about shifting my responsibilities and focusing on things that motivate and energize me.
travel opportunity
so many different jobs to do that I definitety expirience the unlimited opportunity
I got the opportunity to sit in a dataroom with clients, which was pretty interesting!
Becoming a reliable resource for my project teams
Im taking on more of that I want to do in field as Joanne and Cris are really listening to my needs and pushing me forward anyway they know they can.  I couldnt ask for better leadership.
...that's hopefully a very good opportunity to me...
From the 5-year meeting
Attended the 5-year plan meeting, which covered all of these values.
Although I haven't yet fully completed my training my colleagues are open to teaching me new skills and allowing me to try different things.
taking on more bizdev opportunities, taking a lead role and more responsibility within the team
marcus/lowell promotions with newly developed 'titles'/job descriptions
I saw the promotion of two of my colleges to new roles in the company.
asking for what you want, developmentally
Promoting Samantha Baker to SRM - she's doubled her incoming salary in 2.5 years and is not yer 25 years old
story deck analysis ideas greenlighted
New posters around
Marcus' promotion
Being of help to multiple projects
Having a better understanding of qual studies and being able to manage the studies more on my own.
Took on task unrelated to my normal day-to-day operations
Opportunities to work with people I don't normally
Kou taking a lead role in special analyses for Target
there is plenty of work to go around, and i have the ability to influence what I work on.
I'm an intern just starting today. The stories shared with me displayed this value.
networking through SRM retreat
I asked to be a part of more projects and initiatives and got just that.
I saw many people get promoted recently and this week saw them really step into their new roles quickly. They had an opportunity to grow into their role, and they took it.
team growth
I got to take on a much bigger role in a project
This week I took initiative to ask a more junior colleague to lunch, although she is not my supervisee. It was great! We bonded, learned more about each other, and discussed ways we can improve our work process and support each other in future goals.
I was not discouraged, but encouraged to pursue aforementioned opportunity
This is only my third week and yet I had the opportunity to attend the conscious capitalism meeting, and to get in touch with people in the VR department, and hopefully do some work with them next week.
I don't have time to tell you all these details about others
Took the iniative to take action with something wasn't comfortable with
Indicated my interest and passion for finance and was able to handle tasks related to invoicing for projects.
Marcus getting promoted - he's the best and has truly inproved our graphics capabilities and reports
Management asking you to take on more to keep us interested and help the company/team work more efficiently
SRM retreat was amazing, we were able to put all 3 of these values on display
Got to go on the SRM retreat after just being promoted.
Jason Gomez reached out to a client on a personal level, about an ad he saw, and really was able to connect with him to help generate business
IPS 5 year plan
Same as above and also working on trainings and training people to be better workers
Two team members going up to Nike to help the client with internal presentations
Work with peer to finish a job
Allowed to use resources to accomplish goals and fix problems.
I got to do some more qualitative work, which I am very interested in
Grateful for being given the chance to work on a project for another team that I had specific interest in :) It has been a great experience so far and is highly relevant to my personal interests.
I am relatively new, and last week I helped with panel tracking for the first time.
N/A
Muffin celebration
Supervisors encouraging to learn more
Brandon and Bethany going onsite with client in Portland for a week.
Just the way our team has grown and the integration of new hires.
award winners
I was given the opportunity to take the lead on drafting a client report going out.
I went to my first off site client meeting!
There seems to be an infinite amount to learn
Improved Confidence
I'm new, and have just been given the opportunity to help with a VR study that I'm pretty excited about.
Awards....
